<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 01</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_13">Game 01</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Overview</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Real World Date: </span>
        <span class="contents ">7/27/19</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Game Date: </span>
        <span class="contents ">9/27/19 (Friday) - </span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">TLDR</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">YouTube: </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gy-WpyQIYrQ&amp;list=PLdNTLeOzaWPs8ftF4NXImYW7sEk7uzBVU&amp;index=3&amp;t=0s">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gy-WpyQIYrQ&amp;list=PLdNTLeOzaWPs8ftF4NXImYW7sEk7uzBVU&amp;index=3&amp;t=0s</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents "/>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Sorry, I don't have a TLDR for this one yet. I don't have time so you get the whole thing. If someone wants to write one, I will post it.</p>
      <h2 class="section1">Game Notes</h2>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">The sun is rising above the skyline in Seattle piercing through the slightly open blinds. A man lying in the bed is coming awake from the light. Looking around the room he remembers, this is not his house, and looking over at the lovely lady next to him he remembers why. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">Through a time-lapse lends <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Trent</a> is seen finding his pants and cloths, picks up something of hers and smiles, turning on the sink and filling up a cup of water, and kissing her on the head. Leaving the apartment and next to her bed is water and aspirin with a note that reads “to ease the hangover”. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">While <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Trent</a> is making his way down the road the scene shifts to follow a cab heading down the street. Inside the cab is a very bland looking man clutching a briefcase giving idle chatter to the talkative cabby. He gets to the bank, pulls on the doors, looks at the sign, and curses “Closed on weekends.” </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">The scene shifts back to some hotel where the same plan dressed man is tucking away stuff from the brief case into the bed, it is seen that the bed is ripped open and the last stack of bills is pulled from the case and stuffed into the mattress. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">In the lobby the same man, Suni, is eating some food, reading the local newspaper, and glances up at the TV. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">The news report stays the same, but the TV changes and we are in a bakery called Piroshki’s with employees and clientele speaking Russian. A black man orders something in Russian and gives a kind grin to the person behind the counter as he finds his seat. He looks up at the TV and listens to the announcer. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">“Last night Judge Diana Tera died in her sleep, investigators are pointing towards foul play, but with few leads.” The screen shows a house with yellow tap and officers doing their job. The new caster continues “Sources say she died in her sleep through suffocation. She was fairly well known in the community as an avid dog lover. Seattle Seabarks was her community project and she will be sorely missed.” </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">(In Russian) “Yeah, by rich folks who tend to pay off the antics of their children.” <a href="Topic_102.xhtml">Sasha</a> didn’t even notice the woman from behind the counter came around to hand him is pastry. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">“Da, I have heard she has let many people who were clearly guilty off with a light sentence.” <a href="Topic_102.xhtml">Sasha</a> replies (also in Russian).</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">The characters can be seen doing various tasks throughout the day. <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Xenori</a> has music blaring in her headphones as she is working on a motorcycle. She can be seen nodding her head and tapping her foot. While she is working on some computer tech in this very suffocated bike. “Status?” the bike revs, “cool!” she says looking up at something that only she can see in her glasses. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">Her helmet comes crawling over to her on the back of what looks like tiny little bugs on the ground. Once it taps her boot, she picks it up and the bugs disperse. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">Outside of the building she comes tearing out around the corner between cars not even looking. She accelerates and heads into the city. She blows by a park where Suni can be seen walking down looking at the trees. He flips open his phone makes a call and looks out among the trees. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">A man dressed for a date, holds open the door for a lovely lady dressed as if she is going out on the town. He takes a peak at his phone and sees a number he knows but doesn’t keep. “I don’t have time for him now.” </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">Looking over the city scape <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> and his date, Susan, enjoy a meal at the Nest. During dinner Susan starts taking about rare artifacts from ancient Egypt. She talks about her job is to track them down at all cost. She then shyly admits “This is how I first came across you. But then I meet you and forgot to ask you to help me track something down, and then I kept meeting with you at the gym and asking you by then kind of got awkward, but now I need to get results.” </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">“Ancient Egyptian Items are kind of outside my forte.” <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> suggests</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">“I know where the item is, I know who has it, they won’t part with it, we know because we offered them 300k. I was told you have skills in this area and … look if you’re not able to do it, it is fine. I am sorry, I probably shouldn’t have brought this up.” Susan says rushing to end the conversation and looking a little embarrassed.</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">“now wait… what is it and who has it. I can take a look.”  <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> assures her. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">“It is a <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">diadem</a>…” she says “… it was worn by female warriors from ancient Egypt when buried with their queens to protect them from after death. One ended up in Seattle and it is at a pawn shop in the <a href="Topic_114.xhtml">Central District</a>.” </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> tells her he will look into it and see what he can do. He receives a notification letting him know traffic and time estimate for getting to the Fox Theater.</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">As Vic is exiting his car passing the valet his keys, he hears the rev of a motorcycle pass by. He looks up and the scene begins to follow the lady on the bike. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">The bike comes to a stop under the lights of the nightclub <a href="Topic_65.xhtml">Kremwerk</a>. Inside the music is pumping and the energy is hot. The floor is crowded the place is full of great energy. Xen looks around the room and briefly sees someone she recognizes, but it is impossible. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Xenori</a> recognizes him from another world called the <a href="Topic_5.xhtml">Digital Web</a>. But as he passes by someone, she loses him in the crowd. She quickly taps her wrist and pulls on her rings. The bugs from before shoot out of her jacket and scatter, when they clutter they can be scene, but when they scatter, they are inconspicuous and hard to make out from the background. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">She throws on her glasses and starts to dance again. Buzzing around the room trying to find him she is weaving in and out of people, but he is nowhere to be found. A cluster of bugs centers on an anomaly. She flips her viewing over to that as a few can be seen returning to her. She sees white spots in the room. They do not seem to be detectable though human eyes, but they are there. These are also known as fragments or pieces of whiteouts left behind. These are spots only known in the <a href="Topic_5.xhtml">digital web</a>. Looking around the room, no one notices them, and they do not seem to affect anything. After 30 minutes or so, they are gone. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">“Blue and white strips” <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Trent</a> thought. Looking around at the scene being lit up by the flashing lights of police, firefighters, and ambulance vehicles. “I heard something that sounded like a flag on a really windy day.” A police officer kneeling in front of him patiently waiting for <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Trent</a> to collect his thoughts. She looks at him, blood on his face and cloths. The officer has seen people in shock. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">“Whenever you’re ready” she encourages him.</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">“I was heading to the club, I decided to walk because it wasn’t a bad night, and the club is not too far. I picked up something to drink and was just thinking about how the rest of my night was going to go. That is when I heard something…”</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">“Screaming?” the officer asks.</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">“No…” <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Trent</a> tries to remember what he heard. “I could hear this flapping noise, like the wind hitting his cloths. He didn’t make any other sounds. I… I just dove out of the way. I guess I wasn’t really thinking what was happening.”</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">“It’s ok.” The officer attempts to comfort <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Trent</a> “You had no idea, you had to react. This isn’t something you could have prevented, and honestly if you tried, you may not be alive to tell us the story. So, the victim hit the ground next to you…”</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">“Yeah,” <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Trent</a> tries to stick to what he remembers without trying to remember what he saw. “He just smashed into the ground.”</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">She continues to ask him some additional questions before asking him “Do you need a ride home?”</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">“I am just around the corner, thank you.” <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Trent</a> replies. <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Trent</a> wonders off and heads home for the night. As he makes his way down the street a tall man can be seen standing in front of <a href="Topic_63.xhtml">Trinity Nightclub</a> checking IDs. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">There is a line to get in and <a href="Topic_102.xhtml">Sasha</a> is checking IDs and talking to the patrons before they enter the venue. At times there is needed to be two people, but mostly <a href="Topic_102.xhtml">Sasha</a> can handle it on his own. There is always a lull of the night where nothing happens for 10 minutes or so. It is always the longest 10 minutes waiting for the next person. It gives time for people to drift into their thoughts. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">“Hello?” a very attractive lady in a teal dress stands in front of <a href="Topic_102.xhtml">Sasha</a> trying to get his attention. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">
        <a href="Topic_102.xhtml">Sasha</a> realizes he must have been in a daydream or something and apologizes and checks the ladies ID. “Jillian, 23, picture matches mostly, she is probably legit” he thinks to himself, and hands her back the ID and lets her in. He checks his watch… “an hour? How in the… where is Bobbie?” Bobbie was supposed to relieve him 15 minutes ago. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">When he opens the door to see what is going on he sees Jillian walking around checking her phone, but everyone else is frozen. Standing real still and not moving. He hangs a sign on the front doors, for people to form a line and moves in. </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_102.xhtml">Sasha</a> can feel a burst of energy pulsing through the room. He opens up his sight, it is a magickal sense that allows him to see the chi that everyone gives off and he finds something wrong. The chi you see from people usually pulses with life, but everyone’s was in a state of vibration. It was almost as if they were asleep. In the middle of the dance floor he sees a kid, Bernard (poor kid), he remembers giving him Xs on his hands because he was only 18. He couldn’t see any flow of chi. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">As he makes his way through the crowd and bumps or nudges people they start coming back “to life”. They act as though nothing happened. Pick right back up with the music and keep partying. Bernard, on the other hand, didn’t. He fell over on touch from Sasha. He was dead. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">The police came and took the body, they asked a few questions, but ruled it as a possible drug overdose. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">A couple days pass, and we see the city change. Fog comes into the city; the streets change form party goers and tourist to business women and men and parents getting their children on the bus. The traffic changes, it gets lighter as the Ubers and Lifts are no longer transporting drunks and instead the upper-class Ubers and Lifts are transporting business individuals. The buses are on schedule and people are going in and coming out of the tunnels from the train. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">Suni is heading towards the tunnels when he feels a measure of what can be described as wrongness. It hits him in the pit of his stomach, and it sends him for a wild ride. It feels like he was drugged or beat up. Images blur, sounds reverberate, everything has a horrible smell, and he has a difficult time regaining control. He looks up and sees a school bus pulling away from its stop. Once it pulls away, he can feel the darkness leaving with it. This is a sense of a problem with the spinning wheel. As a Euthanatoi he has never felt this imbalance so strongly before and has no idea where it came from except something to do with that bus and/or maybe the people on it?... He isn’t sure. Suni continues to head down into the train station and boards a train. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">The train goes all around Seattle. When it leaves <a href="Topic_107.xhtml">downtown</a> district, it changes from underground tunnel transportation to above ground. In some districts it goes above the roads, so it doesn’t have to stop. Other Districts it can be seen ridding in the median alongside traffic, and it even stops at some red lights. <a href="Topic_114.xhtml">Central District</a> the Link Light Rail moves down the median. A woman gets out at one of the designated stops and jumps on a bus. She gets out along this tight road near a single car garage shop. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">
        <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> walks out and holds the door open for her and makes his way down the street. He arrives at the pawn shop <a href="Topic_123.xhtml">Capitol Palace</a>. It is a purple building with some graffiti tags on the side. The front parking lot has a chain link fence wrapped around it with barbed wire on top. Outside in the warm weather sits a larger black gentleman with a coat. <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> suspects there is a gun under there.  <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> did a little homework before coming. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">The <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">diadem</a> is possibly a fake, the legendary items are said to be a myth, but in a world of magick anything can be real. He also knows the pawn shop is ran by a local gang called Duces 8. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">Duces 8 is known publicly because one of their young members was murdered by a cop. He was walking down the street rapping along with some band he was listening to through his headset. A cop pulled up behind him and yelled something. He could see the 2-8 Tattoo on the back of the kids’ neck. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">Duces 8 is lesser known for their protection in the <a href="Topic_114.xhtml">Central District</a>. Cops respond when they got time, and this will allow things to happen to people. This group offers protection for the people who the cops can’t protect (or flat out just don’t want to). Don’t get this wrong, this isn’t a group of heroes. They are murders, thieves, and more. If you don’t pay up for protection, you will somehow. They have no problem letting thieves know which places are not under their protection (for a fee). They also deal a little in drugs and guns, but that is a very small part of their operation. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">The Kid’s name was Kev, when he turned around, he pulled out his phone to pause the music and the officer shot him 6 times. He was super afraid of a 155lb black kid heading home from school. Reports were not clear on if the kid really did pull out his phone, and one witness said that the officer didn’t even say anything before pulling the trigger. That witness has left town or something. The officer? Still works the beat after a small vacation. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">
        <a href="Topic_123.xhtml">Capitol Palace</a> is your typical poor city pawn shop. There are some good items in there, but they probably trade with other pawn shops to keep the really expensive stuff out of there. It is also a good way for a small shop like this to turn a quick profit. A man behind the counter goes by the name of De nods at <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> when he comes in. <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> doesn’t look like he is from Central, but whatever. De stands out. He looks like he has been through some shit, but what looks awkward on him is he is wearing the <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">diadem</a>. It like of looks like the descriptions <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> read up on. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">
        <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> starts a conversation with De about the <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">Diadem</a>. De doesn’t let him touch it but engages the conversation. He tells <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> that he is waiting on someone to come tell him what he has. He knows it is worth a lot because how quick someone came in to offer him a couple hundred thousand. De is quick to paranoia when <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> quotes $300,000 but is eased back into the conversation when <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> buys some stuff. <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> tries a couple times to get him to accept an offer, but De isn’t having it. <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> thanks him and hands him a card and tells him if he changes his mind, to give him a call. </p>
      <p class="contents ">Back in <a href="Topic_107.xhtml">Downtown</a>
        <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Trent</a> wakes up from a night of being messed up. He still has images in his head of the guy falling from the building. He keeps hearing the splat as the body crumbles to the ground. <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Trent</a> gets up drinks something, throws up, and makes his way around town. <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Trent</a> starts walking the Seattle streets and parks. He pauses to let a blue bus pass in front of him. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">The Bus is heading north towards the <a href="Topic_60.xhtml">Cascade District</a>. It is about 2 minutes from its next stop. Taking a look from about a couple blocks away, <a href="Topic_102.xhtml">Sasha</a> can be seen running towards the stop. Sounds of controlled breathing can be heard by people <a href="Topic_102.xhtml">Sasha</a> is passing. He is jumping over Seattle Times stands and running along concrete squares that hold soil for the trees and plants along the city streets. He flips off the last one, steps, rolls and continues running. Crossing the street, he realizes he made a mistake, he didn’t expect the car to run the light. He jumps and using his left hand, pushes off the hood of the orange car. He lands backwards on the street, rolls, and continues. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">The bus is closing its doors when a hand goes inside and reopens to <a href="Topic_102.xhtml">Sasha</a> apologizing asking, “is this bus going to Queen Anne Hill?” The Driver nods. “In front of Mary’s Place?” She nods again, and he gets on board. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">Around the corner <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Xenori</a> is heading south towards the West End Bridge. Sleepers can’t see this, but around the bike are tiny little bots keeping a look out. They fly ahead to see traffic patterns and report back so <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Xenori</a> has little to nothing to worry about. On the second seat is a hot meal tied down. She hasn’t seen <a href="Topic_6.xhtml">Lucas</a> in a while, and he would probably be appreciative of this. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">Xen gets to the bridge and the sounds of the city die away. It isn’t as busy here. The thuds of cars going across the bridge can he heard. <a href="Topic_6.xhtml">Lucas</a> talks to her for a while. He tells her about the stabbings. Three so far this week to homeless youth. Cops have come, but they are just here to take the bodies away. They don’t plan on doing anything. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Xenori</a> looks off in the distance and her nanos react. They map out the area and find a good advantage point for her to install some cameras. The scene changes and she can be seen assembling the cameras and the bots help her install them for best viewability. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">“You dropped this.” Trent says to a person in the park. He looks at <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Trent</a> and his bright red large spiky hair, and then looks at the wallet where he can see a 100 slightly hanging out, “it’s cool. Take it.” <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Trent</a> encourages as the man takes the wallet and goes. <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Trent</a> reaches into his back pocket and pulls out another wallet. He pauses for a second and gives a little shake of the head trying to live in the now and not revisit last night. “Fuck! I know nothing about that kid. Why did that even happen?” a lady is looking at him kind of weird, hands him a 5, and turns and walks away. <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Trent</a> looks around and sees his reflection in a trashcan. He doesn’t look good today. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">(Yes, I changed the day, sorry) Later that afternoon, <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> returns the <a href="Topic_114.xhtml">Central District</a> with a fancy looking briefcase. He nods to the guard out front and walks into the store. De can be heard talking to himself when he enters. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">“I want to make you an offer on the <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">Diadem</a>.” <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> initiates with De. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">“The <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">Diadem</a> belongs to us.” De says</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">“Us?” <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> questions, “Look, in this case there is 500k. It is yours for the <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">diadem</a>.” </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">“Your offer has been accepted. We appreciate your generosity. You can leave us the briefcase and go.” De says in a very monotone. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">
        <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> takes a split second and then starts throwing up his wards and shielding his mind. De just hit him with a psychic attack and it was a good one. A mundane person would have left the briefcase and went about their day, but luckily <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> has training. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">“Ok…” <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> says “De, I see what you’re doing. I am here to make a business transaction with you and I am not leaving until I get what I want.” <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> says.</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">“But you are leaving us, you will also leave the money, you will leave your weapon, you will leave and forget you ever were here. We see that <a href="Topic_69.xhtml">Susan</a> sent you, and we will pay her a visit too. We will remove everything you ever had and cared about. You belong to us. Now, our puppet, pull your weapon, and end this nightmare.” </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">
        <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> pulls his gun and without thinking he fires the gun at Dee. He places his shot dead center of his head, “shit.” </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">Outside the guard hears the gun shoot and looks in the window to see De falling over from being blasted at point blank range. He pulls his gun and opens fire. It is an automatic weapon of some kind. It is just unloading into the place. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">
        <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> drops, grabs the <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">diadem</a>, picks back up the briefcase, and gets the hell out of there. On his way out he tags the gas main with a sticker, but as he starts to move again gets shot in the arm. He smashes into the wall “FUCK!” he curses as he runs out the back door. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">
        <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> drops the ground draws a circle, dabs a little power into the filed, and adds a match for fire. When he strikes the match, the gas explodes, and the gunfire stops. <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> runs and can hear sirens not too far away. He turns towards Tito’s Garage but before he gets there runs into Suni. “Come on, this way.”</p>
      <p class="contents ">Suni helps <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> hide the <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">diadem</a> and they get back to <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a>’s house to clean up. <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> gives <a href="Topic_69.xhtml">Susan</a> a call, but it goes to voicemail.</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">The next day there is a news report about a gang dispute in the <a href="Topic_114.xhtml">Central District</a> that authorities are looking into. <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Xenori</a> is watching this through her glasses. She is traveling a lite version of the <a href="Topic_5.xhtml">digital web</a> looking for <a href="Topic_46.xhtml">Technocracy</a> traffic.</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">A routine signals her and she opens the window. It is an IP she is very familiar with. A lot of Technocrats used this channel back in the day and it looks like some still use it now. The contact was made with someone that is saying at apartments that are nearby. They are speaking about some kind of <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">diadem</a>. It is mostly in code so unless Xen knows the specifics it is hard to make out. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">She starts trying to track any other traffic about a <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">diadem</a> or any head piece and nothing is coming up. If no one else is talking about it, it must be big. She decides to go check it out. <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Xenori</a> starts tapping into people’s wifi trying to find which room it was that had contact. She discovers it and goes on sound recon. The person is in their apartment watching TV. Xen can hear the laugh track form some sitcom. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">Her bots alert her to familiar identity across the street. <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Trent</a> is walking up, looking like he had very little sleep, and he goes to enter the apartment building as a female officer was exiting the building. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">“Hey, <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Trent</a> right?” she says, “What are you doing here?”</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">“I, and just… “ <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Trent</a> begins but gets interrupted with paramedics come moving out of the building with an elderly female on the stretcher being rolled out. She is on oxygen and they are bringing her to the ambulance. “Ok, you here for her?”</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">“Yeah, I was in the area and there was a 911 call, but what’s up?” she asks</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">“I am trying to find out anything about him.” <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Trent</a> says.</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">The officer nods with that knowing look. “His name was Manel Devine, this isn’t your fault there was nothing you could have done, anyone could have done. Forensic says it looks like he slipped and flipped over his balcony railing. Sorry I got to run, you should see someone, but this isn’t on you.” She says as she heads out to the street. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">
        <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Trent</a> tries to listen in on what they are talking about and all he hears is the word suffocation. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle13">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Xenori</a> looks up Mandel, his floor was right above the person she was looking into, who was… right above the floor of the old lady they are wheeling out…</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Xenori</a> sends in her bots into the room they zoom around looking for anyone, and they find a woman on the floor, holding her throat as if she was choking, reaching for her dropped phone. The screen is lit from an incoming call with the name <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Vic</a> Black on it. </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">Prev</td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_96.xhtml">01 Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_30.xhtml">Game 05</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>