<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 03</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_71">Game 03</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Overview</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Real World Date: </span>
        <span class="contents ">09/07/19</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Game Notes</h2>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_86.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> takes a moment to orientate, it wasn’t the first time something like this has happened to her. She reaches out and grabs the counter and starts to make her way toward the door. Trent appeared in front of her and placed his hands on her shoulders. “Look, sorry. I thought you were just being rude, but now I see something is wrong. Let me help.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_86.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> shook her head in reassurance, “No, it is better that I…” she trails off as her vision starts to return. She can see a smoky room, and some figure off in the distance. Xen reaches out with her senses and can tell she is not seeing in the apartment, it is somewhere else. “Maybe I should sit down…”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> thinks this is a good idea and brings her to the living room. He sets her on the couch, gets her a pillow, an empty garbage can, and some water. He is not sure what is happening but wants to be prepared for the worse. Just a few days ago a man almost fell on him from a 5</span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <sup>th</sup>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> story window, and now a techno-mage is having some kind of backlash in his living room. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> is sitting in the lobby of the Vet Hospital killing some time while his new friend Suni is back on a metal table that isn’t quite his size getting stitched up. Suni passed out, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> know this because he can hear him snoring. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> notices a new game on his phone, must be a type of bloatware companies install. Play a little bit, get addicted, and then they temp you to pay a little to get more power. Tellus Electronics (A Pentex Company) puts out an app a month like this. Ever heard of Quazy Cups?</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">He opens up the game and starts playing. It is a little on the nose. The first splash screen is for the new Warlock: the Pretension supplement by Black Dog Game Factory, then it moves on to the load screen. It is a game called Battle WiXards. “Why are people always trying to replace a Z with an X.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> says as he begins playing. It is a pretty simple game, you open into an arena, another mage appears, you need to take them down in this turn base style competition. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> plays a couple rounds and then loads the next level. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">He starts off big, “FIREBALL!!!!” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> screams as his character (whoa talking about meta) has the text bubble popup above his head reading the same thing. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_86.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> sees the figure turn, wave a wand, and then some text bubble pops above his head reading “FIREBALL!!!!” (because three exclamation points isn’t enough). She dives out of the way, but gets singed by this 8-bit red, orange, and yellow sprite flying across the screen. She can hear this low-res midi file begin playing. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Shit! I am in the DW, but where?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_86.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> asks. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“The DW?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> replies </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Sorry, hold on.” Xen tells him as she begins to focus. She swings her hands, but it is not quite working. After taking a quick look at the code she groans, “LIGHTNING STRIKE!!!” she hollers out and it blast back at the shadowy mage. (ST Note: Sorry, I really meant for this to be part of the game, but I forgot. So I decided to put it in here instead.)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle19">Their fight goes on like this for a round or two as </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_86.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> is tapping into the core code of this application. It is her code! This is her style, commenting (probably none), class groupings, architect, and even the define names are to her standards. ‘WTF’ she says to herself as she jumps out of the way of another Fire Blast. ‘I never wrote anything like this.’ She thinks, but then finds a file paradox.ini. She starts tapping her fingers and her BUGs bring her rings out and lines them up with her fingers. She gives additional controls to her character. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“What the hell is going on?” Trent asks as the BUGs fly towards him and start forming into some kind of shape. “Fuck… me….” He says as they fly onto his face and start forming some kind of light in his eyes. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_86.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> jumps over a lightning blast and then looks up. She can see through the glass to the user. It is like looking out of a big window to a really big person tapping away at some video game. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">The moment Xen looks directly at </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> he tucks his head back and starts poke! Poke! Poke! Poking! the screen. Xen tucks her head down and puts her arms up to stop the force vibrations coming from the touch sensitivity of the phone. It is hitting her in the head repeatedly. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> appears in the game and is looking around a bit confused. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> gets surprised “Two of you? Oh you have not seen the power of this WiXard!” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">They continue fighting </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> figuring out the game with a little bit of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_86.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">’s instructions. She points up and he can see </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> in some kind of room. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_86.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> programs in</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle5">
        <span class="rwStyle10">Messagebox(“Were you at all involved in </span>
        <span class="rwStyle10">
          <a href="Topic_67.xhtml">Susan</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle10">’s Murder?”,”Incoming Message”,messageBoxOptions.YesNo)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">The message pops up on </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">’s screen “Holy Shit, I’ve been hacked.” He raises the phone to smash it to the ground when another message pops.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle5">
        <span class="rwStyle10">Messagebox(“I know who did this to her.”,”Wait!”,messageBoxOptions.Ok,messageboxIcon.Warning)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> sees this right before he throws, pauses, then shuts off the phone and pulls the sim chip. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_86.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> wake up in his living room. “Ummmm, what?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> says with elegance if a monkey at a formal dinner.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“So, this place is about 5 hectares?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> ask a man sitting on a bench in a park. Seeing the confusion on his face, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> squints and then says, “about 10 or so acres.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Oh”, the maintenance man says. “yeah, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_68.xhtml">Lake Union Park</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> is about 12 acres named after the fresh water lake and shipping canal. Out there are some historic ships I would suggest stopping and taking a look at, the Lady Washington plays movies on the boat, you can climb aboard and watch for free. The Museum of History and Industry, or </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">MOHAI</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">, is also really neat to check out.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> kindly listens to the man as he goes through his spiel. He tightens up his laces and begins to jog around the park looking for good spots to practice his parkour workout. By the time he was done the sun had set and a light show begun at the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">MOHAI</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> center. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> stops at the large fountain, well, it is more of a pond, but it is raised up like it should be a fountain. There isn’t any water works in the middle or at least any above water level. It is lit up at night and shines very bright. The pond is called the Model Boat Pond. Daily people are drawn to the pond to test their model boats. Some weekends it could get really crowded. There is some kind of minor current in the pond. Touching the water idly </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> reaches out with his Chi and senses the water calling him. “Place in me your creation and I will test it.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">Looking around the park he can’t find anything he could use as a boat, but </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> is a master of life. He goes to a tree that producing purple and white flowers and plucks one off with some leaves. He concentrates with his life energies he built up from his workout and it reforms into a water </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">lily</span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">. Placing it into the pond the current pulls it out around the middle and brings it back to him. Reaching into the water he can see this glow around the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">lily</span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> and on touching it he can feel energy come from the pond into him. “This is a Node.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">In the park most of the crowd is over watching the light show on the south side of the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">MOHAI</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">. Sitting on a park bench are two large men. The bench is positioned to allow them to bend in unnoticed by passersby and they tend not to make too much noise. They have been watching </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">. When he retrieves the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">lily</span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> from the water, one taps the other and points over to him. “See that?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“See them?” the other notices a group of others quickly making their way to the pond. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> turns to go and sees a man standing in front of him. This man has others alongside him and they look and feel threatening. They are standing real still, their breath, though there, is light. Their appearance looks like drug addicts high on uppers that could make one violent. “Good evening fellas. I was just going that way.” He says and starts to move. The creature in front of him hisses and his face changes into a monstrous creature.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“What the fuck is that!” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> yells out and starts to make his way away from them, but quickly notices others have already come up on his flank. One of the men looks very old. He is wearing a top hat. He lets out a screech and his mouth drops down to his belly. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">The </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_17.xhtml">creatures</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> he first encountered starts running up towards him. Two of them jump in the pond and continue running. These </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_17.xhtml">creatures</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> are strong, the water slows them, but only by a little. The water is parting behind them from the sheer force of their momentum. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> needs to get all of them on one side of him.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> summons his chi and runs towards the pond he is going to kick off the side of it and leap to the other side. It is a feat beyond human compacity, but not when mystical energies are at play. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> jumps like he has done 100 times, but reality had different plans. In the air an explosion of force hits </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> and he tumbles back down and lands in the middle of the pond. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">The </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_17.xhtml">creatures</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> stop and turn around. The water hits the edge of the pond and splashes up about 6 feet or so. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> tries to run, but one grabs him and throws him. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> flies out of the pond about 20 feet or so and breaks his fall with an elegant roll, and some force resistance against the ground. He uses that force to push him to run away. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> sees the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">MOHAI</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> and thinks maybe he can stand a chance if he could come at them one on one. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">At this time others in the park have taken notice and have started running towards the parking lot. From the parking lot some of the pedestrians split off as a sports car comes zooming in and onto the green. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle19">The scene switches to a person playing doctor with a grown ass man on his K9 metal surgery bed snoring. Suni wakes up to a sound of a rattle. He looks around and is walking towards school. Suni knows where he needs to go and is holding books that read, ‘History’? ‘Social Arts’?, he can’t worry about that right now, he will sort out his books when he gets to class. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">As he is approaching the building the main entrance is a 3-story building with the name of the school on the front “Highlands”, but then something flashes in the world kind of like a glitch. Colors of green, purple, blue flash across the sky like an old TV set is going bad. The school sign changes to “Lowlands” and then back again. The building also shrinks to one story, and then reappears to 3 stories. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">He is sitting in the classroom but doesn’t quite remember how he got here. He was just outside, but he isn’t worried about suddenly appearing in the classroom. What he is worried about is being an old man in grade school. He gets nervous and reaches for his books to get out of there and sees his hands are that of a child’s hands. On some level Suni knows he is in a lesson from Coyote, but right here and now, that isn’t a thought on his mind. He is a kid in school, he is supposed to be there, and he must pay attention. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Suni? What do you think?” the teacher calls on him.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">Suni, clearly wasn’t paying attention he tries to give a non-answer “Like it says in the book, that was everyone’s opinion.” Which was probably not the best of answers. The teacher looks mortified and behind her on the board he thinks he reads the word ‘Holocaust’. Other students start to laugh at him as what tends to happen in childhood dreams, but Sani is a shaman he has walked in dreams before and he knows how to control his state and observe so whatever lesion is being taught he will absorb. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">Sitting in the classroom is a pretty little girl. She has the book, but it isn’t open. The whole time she is staring straight at the board. She isn’t moving, she is blinking and breathing, but she is sitting as still as one can. Everyone in class ignores her, they talk around her like she is not there, they don’t bother passing a note to her just toss it past. It is like she doesn’t exist. When going around the room reading, she is skipped over, and it doesn’t seem like it is on purpose. No one notices her except for </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">. It is like he is the first person to see her in a long time. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">She looks over at him and SCREAMS.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> wakes up asking for a phonebook. The doctor thinking he is totally delirious tell him, “it is 2019, lay down before you pop a stitch.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> comes in as the doctor is finishing up. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Do you have a phone book?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> asks as </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> stares at him, then looks up at the vet who shrugs. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“What do you need?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> asks.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Is there a school called Highlands?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“There used to be I am pretty sure.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> remembers a news article from a couple years back where the community was in uproar because they changed the name of the school from Highlands to something. He sees </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_19.xhtml">Teddy</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> the Vet’s phone on the counter and opens the browser. Typing in a few characters he finds the school, “Lawton.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“We need to go. Now.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> says as the vet cut the last thread and slapped a bandage on him. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_86.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> are sitting in the living room and she is attempting to catch </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> up on what has been going on over the last few days. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“So, who was that?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> asks. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“That was </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">, he was in a relationship with Susan, girl on the 4</span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <sup>th</sup>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> floor of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_108.xhtml">Harbor Steps</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">. I was at her apartment when the Terminator attacked me.” She explains.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Is that how you travel? Did you teleport through my phone?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> asks</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Yeah.” It wasn’t but to explain the complication of how she just used the GPS in his phone to figure out where he was at and using the hardlines of the Apartment to secure a safer travel would have probably taken this conversation down a nerdy route. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">That didn’t stop the conversation from going down a nerdy route. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> doesn’t get to talk to too many people about how his teleportation works. He talks about shadow travel and how he can manipulate the space between the light and the shadow like a curtain that if he can connect two points, he can step in one and out another anywhere. He then takes her to his setup room where he has things stacked in a particular manner with shaped light so he can reach in the room at any moment form his coat pocket. He also pulls out his weapon of choice, a giant mallet. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_86.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> tells </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> about the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_5.xhtml">Digital Web</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">. “it is less of the internet as you are describing and more of a reality of its own. You have heard of multiple dimensions, right?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> acknowledges that he has, but not quite sure he believes in them. “Well this world is a place we can physically go to or perceive. There is a whole ‘nother world in there and it is hard to really describe its limitations. You kind of need to experience to grasp it. I have spent years in there and I still haven’t tapped all the reality it offers.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“So… </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_67.xhtml">Susan</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">, you said her name was?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> asks and Xen nods. “What does she have to do with anything? Do you think </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> did something?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“No, I don’t think so. I have worked with him before, but he doesn’t quite know who I am.” She says. “I don’t know why they murdered her or what she even has to do with the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_44.xhtml">Technocracy</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">, but I think it is best we find out. Especially with that Terminator attacking us on sight.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> are stuck in traffic. It has been a nightmare. Seattle traffic isn’t the worst in the world (</span>
        <span class="rwStyle22">that award goes to the Paradox Backlash that invented Atlanta</span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">), but when it gets bad, everything gets bad. Most people in Seattle rely on public transportation. Seattle Public Transportation is actually really good. The Link Light Rail gets you quickly to the different districts and the bus systems have lanes that allow them to avoid traffic. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> have gotten off on their third road to try and get around this traffic. They have spent an hour into the night trying to get there.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> is just sitting there unphased by any of this. He knows he will arrive exactly when he is supposed to. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> on the other hand is losing his mind with all this traffic. They pull up to a red light and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> sees a man being chased by a hoard of monsters. “I think I know that guy.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> looks over where </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> is staring. “Should we help?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle19">Without answering </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> took his car to the limits. The tires squeal as the car rights itself and cuts through the parking lot, onto the grass, and drifts to finally grip onto the side walk. People are splitting out of the way as </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> sets his car to use it like a ram if need be. As they pass two stoned out dudes, pointing at the action thinking it is some kind of movie, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> do not see those two get yanked out of the way by two large beasts. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“What are those things?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> asks</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“I am not sure, but they ain’t human.” Vic says as they come to a stop out front of the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">MOHAI</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> and jump out to chase after the monsters that just went inside. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> starts connecting the dots that Mandel was on the 5</span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <sup>th</sup>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> floor, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_67.xhtml">Susan</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> was on the 4</span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <sup>th</sup>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">, and that lady being wheeled out for shortness of breath, she was on the 3</span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <sup>rd</sup>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> floor. “Yeah, right on top of each other.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_86.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> said. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Well, we need to go back there and see if we can find anything.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> says as he stands up and grabs his things. “You Readdd…” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> starts to speak but his living room light flickered, and he stumbled into a shadow. He fell and reached out to grab something, but only grabbed a BUG and with </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_86.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">’s connection to the device almost pulled her in too.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">Xen concentrates and sees her device falling through a wormhole of some sort but can’t place its locality. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">When </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> sees the opening back into the real world, he is surprised to see that he is falling towards the tail of an airplane. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">Museum of History &amp; Industry (</span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">MOHAI</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">) is the largest private heritage organization in Washington state, maintaining a collection of nearly 4 million artifacts, photographs, and archival materials that primarily focus on Seattle and the greater Puget Sound region. It is a sight that people who are local to the area should see. Preferably not being chased after by some drug addicted monsters and maybe during operating hours. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> smashed open the glass door and made his way inside. The entrance comes in on the second floor, and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> runs to the left. In the middle of this Museum there is an old Boeing B-1 on display. Someone with good athleticism could jump from the railing to the wing of the plane. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> Jumps, grabs on to one of the cables suspending the plane, swings around, and kicks one of the monsters in the face. He continues to swing and runs up the top wing towards the middle. Two </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_17.xhtml">creatures</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> make the same jump and land on the wing and begin to run up on all fours towards </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">The rest of the monsters are on the walk way, trying to figure out how to get to the plane without taking everything down. They are dead focused on </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">, that they do not see </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> come up from behind them. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> draws a circle and creates a small pop as he concentrates on his spell. He makes a little fire form in front of him and he mumbles the right words to cause the fire to grow. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> starts doing a chant and says “I got them where I want them.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">Everyone hears a bolt shake out of the overhang walkway, but nothing happens. “Well…”</span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> mused, “That was unexpected.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle19">The monsters leaps at </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">, he catches the first one by the shoulders to prevent him moving in to bite him and uses the momentum to flip up and over the second leaping monster. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> grabs a support cable and they slide back down to the plane. The first monster’s nails start digging into </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">’s skin. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">The plane gives a huge jolt as everyone grabs onto something to maintain balance. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> lands on the back of the plane and grabs onto the tail. “Red head?” Sasha says, “What are you doing here?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">Did you know that you always can see your nose? Go ahead, close one eye and look forward, it is there. It is in the way, but you don’t think about it. This is because your mind decides what is important at the time and seeing your huge nose in the way all the time is not important. There is so much you are seeing, hearing, smelling, feeling, and tasting right now, that your mind is defending you and holding back that info. Imagine if you could set your own limits. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> has figured this out. It is almost as if time has stopped and he takes a look around. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> steps off the plane and walks in the air over to where the monsters are on the ledge and sees </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">. He comes back over to see what </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> is handling. He also notices the room has a lot of shadows “I will keep that in mind for later”. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> allows all that to process as the world returns to normal and he is hanging on to the tail. From his sleeve a tiny drone comes flying out and starts inspecting the room. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> shakes his rattler and hums again, seeing the commotion he knows that just a little more vibration can cause that suspended rotary motor in the glass case will come loose. He knows this, he feels it, and Coyote willing, it is real. And with enough belief, it is. The motor snaps from its support and slides down, crashes through the glass, and throws a monster down to the first floor. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> and the creature continue fighting. The monster is tough, and this is a new experience for </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">. It can withstand his blows and he quickly realizes he isn’t doing much harm to it. More </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_17.xhtml">creatures</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> make it onto the wing, the plane shakes and swings which makes balancing difficult, but everyone manages to hang on. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">Xen sees an opportunity. There is a change in Force and Mass to the plane and she opens her IDE. She taps in some code that the drone should be able to apply to the consensual reality class that is running in the museum. By slightly tweaking the mass and applied forces she could tell the plan to dip. The drone loaded her class file and it worked like a charm, the plane swung, and the right wing spun up. A </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_18.xhtml">Ghoul</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> fell everyone else seemed to hang on. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">The </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_17.xhtml">creatures</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> on the ledge turn to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> breaks his circle and releases the large ball of fire and blast two of them into oblivion.  </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">Xen, back at </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">’s apartment, calls her BUGs to open a path between here and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">MOHAI</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">. They form together to create this liquid like wall, and she walks through. In the museum the same wall is formed, and she walks out the other side. The BUGs split up and scatter around the room. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> pulls his gun and tries to fire at a couple monsters on the wing, but fate had a different idea, he missed and shot a cable. The whole plane tilted, and everyone fell. Most where able to break their fall by throwing their bodies against the ground, but it was only temporary pain. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> quickly got back up to defend himself against the raging monsters and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> starts look around the room for something he could use. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> finds a connection in the shadows and reaches through one into his Apartment and pulls out his giant mallet. He swings it towards another shadow and the mallet rips through there and appears in two other locations. One of the locations smashes the head of one of these </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_17.xhtml">creatures</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> into a steal beam. The other location hits the creature square in the chess, but not before that creature picked up a saw blade from a display case and threw it. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">The Blade cut through Trents pants and tore into his leg. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> smells something. It is old, kind of like a wet carpet in an abandoned house. He looks around for the source and see something he can’t understand. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">Two large </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_17.xhtml">creatures</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> come blowing past and one snaps off the head of one of the humanoid monsters and the other rips another one of them in two. Sani grabs a third by the shirt and rolls back to kick another in-between the two new beasts. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">These beasts are </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_17.xhtml">creatures</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> that when standing are about 9 feet tall. They have wolf like features mixed with the incredible hulk. Just the sight of one invokes a flight response and everyone in the room had to consciously force themselves to stay put and see. It helps that Mages are mentally strong will beings, but </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> couldn’t even process what they were seeing and by morning, they may even forget what they saw and just remember something helped, but unless they actively try to remember what happened, their brains will try and protect them. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">One of the humanoid </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_17.xhtml">creatures</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">, the one with the top hat, makes a break for it. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> swings his giant mallet through the shadow and barley nicks him as he attempts to make his exit, but not enough to stop him. When he pulls the mallet back the hat comes through the shadow and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> goes to catch it and fumbles it to the ground. He can see that his hands a shaking violently. He realizes at that time his whole body is shaking and maybe he should run. They barely survived the other </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_17.xhtml">creatures</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> now these gigantic beasts have arrived, they don’t stand a chance. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">The </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_17.xhtml">creatures</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> are </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_69.xhtml">Werewolves</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">, but legion hasn’t gotten everything right about them. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> knows the signs and knows they are in trouble. Violence is all these </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_17.xhtml">creatures</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> know and they move faster than the forces he can conjure. Maybe he can get off a good hit to hopefully get some of these people out. Then he hears a whisper, can’t quite tell what it is, but the voice sounds familiar. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">The </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_69.xhtml">Werewolves</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> roar… well they try to. It was a battle cry, a powerful one that should have invoked a flight response and they would start the chase. These two wolves would have enjoyed a hunt through the urban streets of Seattle, ripped these intruders apart for coming onto their lands and bringing these </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_17.xhtml">creatures</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> of the Wyrm. This place is protected, it is tied to the earth and it breads life, and these ignorant fools have come here to plague all of this. They need to die, their taste is addicting, to feel the heart beat one last time in-between those teeth will be worth it to our protector. Under the Luna sky their heads will roll. And they roared… Like it was said, they tried to. Nothing came out. They were silenced. The battle cry was interrupted by mute sounds, but the deafening scream was all that was muted. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“How?” one wolf thought to the other. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“I don’t understand it either brother.” The other said.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“They were fighting off eight of the plagued, maybe there is more to them.” The first one thought back.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“They are locks, we should tell them to just leave.” The other replied.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">The first one’s body changed and unknown to the others this conversation happened at the speed of thought. He formed back into a more human like creature. Still very tall, still very scary, and said “Warlocks Leave, you have brought these </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_17.xhtml">creatures</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> onto our scared Caern.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Wait, we were attacked, we didn’t let them…” Sasha starts to say.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“THIS IS NOT A NEGOTIATION!” the wolf man yells. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> fell into a shadow and popped out of there. He was not going to stick around for that aftermath, and fells super lucky to still be alive. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">Outside they are standing around </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">’s car, sirens can be heard in the distance. “Anyone need a ride?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> asks.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Dah,” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> replies, “Thank you for showing up to help. How did you know?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Blame this guy,” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> says.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Fate has a way to bring us to where we need to be.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> says. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“So, you manipulate Fate?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_86.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> says</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“It is more like Fate guides me.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> replies</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“How did you and the red head get here?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> asks Xen. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Oh </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">?” Xen thinks for a moment, “I am not sure, he kind of just fell into place. I followed him.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Well, really.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> begins, “Thank you. I am not sure I would have made it out of there.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“You fucking pussy as bitch!” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> says. The scene switches to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> apartment and he is in the bathroom staring at himself in the mirror. The reflection can be seen that he is cleaning up a wound to his leg, all his sheets have been ripped off his bed, and there can be seen a little blood in them as well. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> forgot about his cut when he ported back to his place and he landed in his bed. “What the fuck are you doing.” He says, but now we can tell it is only the mirror version of him saying these things. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> isn’t the one talking, but his reflection is. “A couple of dogs show up and you, a master wizard, freak the fuck out and run. Seriously, why do I waste my time with you?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Fuck you Puck!” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> frustrated by falling into a battle with monsters and almost checking out of this world. “It isn’t like I was prepared for this!”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“What do you think we have been doing this whole time?” his reflection says</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Pranks!” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> says reasonably. “That is all we do, we prank people, and try to make a couple peoples lives better. But everything is going to shit lately. I almost had a person land on me while committing suicide, I am being chased by some kind of Terminator, and now I just got into a cage fight with a bunch of vampire wannabes! How have you prepared me for this? Also, dogs?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Everything we have done together has prepared you for this. It is just now your time to act and you wuss out! I can’t believe you haven’t figured this out by now. Dogs! The fucking </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_69.xhtml">werewolves</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> you moron.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“What </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_69.xhtml">werewolves</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Ugh, delirium has set in. you’re probably not remembering them again.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Look, what do you want me to do?” Trent resigns</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“More.” Puck says just as the reflection returns to mirror </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">In the car driving under the Seattle night, traffic has seemed to clear up and it is easy cruising. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> is no longer feeling the pull to go somewhere, and they all decide to go home to get some rest. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> is driving them all. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“What were those things?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_86.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> asks.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Servant of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_20.xhtml">Vampires</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> idly answers. “They are high on Vampire blood and will do whatever they must to get their next fix.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“You seem to know a lot about these things.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> points out.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“It is kind of my job as a hermetic mage. We spend years researching all sorts of things that exist in our world.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> replies. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Wait… there are </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_20.xhtml">Vampires</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">?” Xen asks.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Yes there are!” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> replies with a hint of anger “They do ‘fuck you’ things to your head.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Do you think we’re the only special ones on the planet right now?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> responds to answer her question with a question.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Well, there are seven less tonight.” Xen answers. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Those were just servants, like I mentioned, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_20.xhtml">vampires</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> would have been much worse, but lucky for us they don’t like to get their hands dirty if they can help it.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“You two looked a little roughed up when you arrived, were you in a car accident or something?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> just now remembers. “I can help.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“It is ok.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> replies, “Hanging out with this guy” (pointing to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">) “comes with hazards. But we should be fine in a night or two.” Then he concentrates on hums to himself. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> can see the life energies flow through him. It is different than how </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> manipulates it, but it is just as affective, but it defiantly created a ripple in reality. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">They seem to get where they are going and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> is leaning into </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> window. “Here you go.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> says as he hands him a business card. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“You just give business cards to people you meet? American’s are weird.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> says in reply. “But yeah, I’ll call you.” Then </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> drives off.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> answers the phone “What!”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Everything ok?” Xen asks cautiously.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">“Sorry, yeah, just… well you’re having the same night.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> says.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle25">
        <span class="rwStyle19">Xen nods, then realizes she is on the phone. “Yeah… I get it. Look, the others want to meet up tomorrow at this sandwich shop called. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">Piroshki’s on 3rd</span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">, you should join us.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle19">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> thinks about it. ‘More’ he hears Puck cursing him out. “Yeah, I can be there.” </span>
      </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_15.xhtml">Game 01</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_78.xhtml">01 Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_72.xhtml">Game 04</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>