<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 02</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_118">Game 02</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Overview</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Real World Date: </span>
        <span class="contents ">08/17/2019</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Game Notes</h2>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">Cascade is an urban neighborhood abutting Downtown Seattle and to the east of Queen Anne District. They are usually lumped together. Historic structures in Cascade Neighborhood include St Spiridon's Orthodox Cathedral, Immanuel Lutheran Church, and several defunct laundry blocks. One such place in this district is </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">Mary’s Place</span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> a center for to help women and children out of homelessness. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> steps off the bus and walks in to do his weekly volunteering. He is greeted at the door by one of the young assistants that work there. “</span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">, there is someone here looking for you back in Mary’s office.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> confused, but decides to go check it out. People don’t normally look for him at these places. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">When he steps into the room he is greeted by a person of power. This person is dressed in a suit and tie. They introduced themself, “Mr Laskin, welcome. I thought I would find you here. My name is </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_115.xhtml">Agent Blair</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">, I work for the NWO and I thought you could help me on a case.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> takes a seat cautiously. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> has a history with the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Technocracy</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">, and it has never went well for him. This could be a trick. “Alright? What do you need?”  </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“I wish to talk about the … events that occurred at </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_55.xhtml">Trinity Nightclub</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> the other night, during your… time-lapse?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_115.xhtml">Agent Blair</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> says. She doesn’t have an accent, but she seems to have trouble with words. It is almost like she is new to the language. “Do you have any… recollection, or have you had any… memory flashes since the… event?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“No, nothing.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> answers. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_115.xhtml">Agent Blair</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> looks excited, but she knows </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> will most likely refuse. “We can help with that. I could abstract any memories that are being repressed.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“That’s a big no.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> replies before her sentence gets much passed the word ‘abstract’. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“I see.” They say with a little let down in their voice. “Then may I offer an alternative solution. Will you … retain employment with </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_55.xhtml">Trinity Nightclub</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“Planned on it.” He replies</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">While reaching into their bag, they pull out a small jar of some kind of ointment. “This is an ointment. It will… alleviate any mind control affects you may be… subject to. Just spread it over the eyes.” Blair looks from the cream to him “we want to catch this anomaly”  </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“What is it?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> asks</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">Blair looks at him with confidence, “It is a leach. God I hate that word… Vampire you’d say.” She waits for a reaction and she wasn’t surprised when she saw the realization come across </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">’s face that he confronted a vampire. “You seem to have found yourself in a middle of a … turf war(?).”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“Between who and the Vampires?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> asks. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_115.xhtml">Agent Blair</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> believes </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> to have accepted reality and starts looking for solutions. They thing to themself that </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> would make a good asset. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“Vampires” Blair replies “Like there are many Traditions and Technocrats, there are many Vampires and they don’t all agree. I need to know who this is so we can… overcome it”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“I will do this.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> says grabbing the ointment.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">Blair stands up and hands him a card, “Please call me once you know something. We are just interested in the vampire.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">The Nanobots or BUGs leave Susan’s room after a quick scan and quickly make their way back to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">, once they are back outside, she stands up and makes her way around the corner. Using the BUGs they surround </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> and she programs a disguise. This disguise wouldn’t fool anyone if they took a close look, but it may be good enough to slip by the guard desk while they are dealing with </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">. She walks through the lobby and it works, she continues to head towards the elevator and presses the button to go up.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">When </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> reaches the door her nanobots come crawling down her arm, to her hand, and extend out to be inserted into the keyhole. A couple ticks and a click, the door opens. She goes into the room and her BUGs disperse as her disguise drops. She walks around the room where she can hear the laugh track of some show playing in the background. The room feels quiet, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> knows what waits her in the kitchen and when she gets in there, she analyzes the woman is about her age. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> carefully pulls out the chip from the phone and runs a routine to copy it over and use it on a virtual drive on her phone. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">She looks around the house for anything else, but the apartment seems clean. She makes her way into the bathroom and clogs up the tub and turns on the water, hoping the overflow will alert someone to the apartment. She approaches the door and her last BUG lands on her outstretched hand and crawls up and into her sleeve. She opens the door and sees a familiar face standing in front of her. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">The scene changes, it is just moments before down in the lobby. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">, disguised as </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_61.xhtml">Susan</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">, gets on the elevator. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> is talking to the guards trying to find out any information about </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_60.xhtml">Manel</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">. “Any information you can share with me would be helpful. A family member, friend, any one I could talk with.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“Aren’t you the guy that he almost… landed on?” one guard ask.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“Yeah, that was me.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> replies. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“His sister was hoping you would stop by. She wanted to reach out to you. Asked me to give you this if you came by again.” The guard opens up a drawer and pulls out a card with a phone number on it. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“How did she know about me?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> asks.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“You’re kind of famous, page 3 in The Stranger has an article on the event.” He says. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> thanks the guard and starts to make his way out the doors. When he steps into the vestibule, he can see out the doors leading to the street, Frank, Jerry… or something. Anyway, that guy that chased him from the bar. Some kind of bad ass agent (his real name is </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_41.xhtml">Agent Thomas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">, but </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> isn’t good with his name). “Shit.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> goes back inside and heads towards the bathroom. In there he keeps an eye under the door to see where the Agent goes. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> couldn’t make out much, but he could hear well enough. The man came into the lobby and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> heard two thuds, loud steps of shoes against tile floors, the ding of the elevator, and then the motor of the lift ascending. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> steps out of the bathroom to see the two guards asleep on the desk. “Time to go.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle27">When he got outside, he saw there was a vehicle and a person inside monitoring the building. He was pretty sure it was a lookout. These agents like to work in pairs. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> quickly got himself into an alley and ran towards the line of shadow. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> stepped across the threshold and from the hallway of his apartment into his kitchen. “What did he want?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">The elevator opens up and seen through the lends of what feels like a set of computer glasses, we see the hallway on the 4</span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <sup>th</sup>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> floor of the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">Highland Steps</span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">. It scans the hall and pixels settle on objects that are in the hallway, like plants, a ball, a bag, art on the wall, and room numbers. They concentrate on room 436. The camera switches places and see to whom the glasses belong. A tall man with a sturdy build dressed like an agent of some kind of secret service stands with fist clenched and quickly spins his head to the door. He stands there for a moment and tilts his head like he is listening. We see through his eyes again and a wave file popped up on his HUD. Text below it reads “Analyzing” then flashes over to “Water”. Then a warning pops up “Approaching”. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">Xenori standing in front of the door. “Oh hi, I don’t think I will be needing anything you are…” He quick draws and shoots her. It only nicks her and takes out a BUG in the process. Xen fights back, and manages to disarm him, but this creature is too strong. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">The scene changes and a younger version of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> wearing some cybernetic head gear moving her hands around like she is working with an interactive computer, is standing next to a person in a coat. He is wearing a name tag “</span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">Main-io</span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">”. They are watching a spar between two people. One male and one female. They are in sports gear, but not wearing any kind of padding. They are very physically fit individuals. They are moving lightning quick and when they connect the impact is louder than normal. One is picked up and thrown into a cement block wall and the wall shatters. When the lady stands back up without looking like she sustained any injuries is when </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> realized they are more than human. “HIT Mark V, beyond the peek of human potential.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">Main-io</span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> said while continuing to watch the spar.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“So they are like Terminators?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> asked.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">Main-io</span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> laughs “A lot like them, where do you think the certified door expert James Cameron got his ideas?” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">Back in the apartment, a fist swings down and misses Xen, but smashes into the ground. The ground shakes, it stands up and uppercuts </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> and she goes flying back. She twitches her fingers and all the BUGs come rushing to her. They form a pad to catch her in the air, it looks like a pool of water if it could float in a sheet above the ground. As Xen hits the BUGs she can here in the background dialing of a number like on a land line. Then the connection makes what sounds like a 90’s modem and she gets sucked into the BUGs. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">As she is vanishing the HIT Mark </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_41.xhtml">Agent Thomas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> has jumped above her in preparation to punching her body through the floor. If he connected, she would surely be dead. But right before contact as if going down a drain, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> was gone.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_90.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> bust into a veterinarian’s office. “We need your help.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_90.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> demands. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“What kind of animal is it?” the vet request.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“Human?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> responds.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“Look. I am not that kind of doctor. I can’t help you. You have two too many legs” the vet tries to make a joke. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">Sani <span class="rwStyle27">looks around the office and sees this place isn’t getting the clientele it needs to survive. The biggest give away are the bills stacked up and he can see some of the letters have pick paper inside. “We have money and it isn’t a secret you need it.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_90.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> pulls out a wad of cash. “Do my friend a favor.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">The vet looks at the cash and thinks about it. After a moment he sighs “Fine. Get on the table in room 3.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> woke up in a field. It was developed to look like a wheat field. She could see where a city was located, but it would take her too much time to walk. She reached into her pocket and after a second of download she pulled out what looks like a little toy. Throwing it on the ground a bar popped up above it reading “Loading 1%”, the percentage grew from 1% to 100% in about 15 seconds. “At least the connection is good here.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> thought. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">She sticks her hands into her pockets and when she pulls them out, she is wearing rings on each finger. Grabbing her wrist, she pulls what seems to be a pad into view. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> knows she doesn’t need to do all this as this isn’t real, but it is so much harder to do this without physical representation. She sets a destination and hops on the bike. Swinging her other arm down a pair of glasses form and she puts them on her face. If this were the real world, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> would have died when the bike took off. It went from 0 to 1,000 MPH almost instantly. Since this is the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_5.xhtml">Digital Web</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">, she was safe as this is the way people travel. Her bike is coded in such a way that as long as she is not in a developed space where crashing matters, she can just go whatever speed the server allows. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">On her way, her system intercepts a message. It looks like a person named </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> is calling a person named Violet. She hears the message and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> is leaving a voicemail, “I stopped by </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">Highland Steps</span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> today and the guard gave me your number. He said you wanted to hear from me. My name is </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">, the paper got it wrong. Anyway, call me back”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">’s phone rings with the ID as Unknown across the top. “Hello?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> answers.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“Can we talk?” Xen responds while flying through the biggest field she has ever ridden in. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> thinks for a second, “Violet?” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“No. We meet a while back; I was on a bike you were running from an Agent.” Xen tries to make </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> remember. She is also pausing while her system is running. It is tracking the call. It seems like wherever he is, there must be decent security, but at least she doesn’t have to fight it. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“OH! Frank! I remember you. I don’t think I ever got your name.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“</span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">. But his name was Thomas. Anyway, can we talk?” she asked again. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“I mean I guess that is what AHHHH” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> pulls the phone away from him as he hears this loud dial tone and static. Then he hears a knock on the front door. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">Outside </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">’s apartment the speaker box makes a static sound and bust with what kind of looks like what static on an old television looks like until it forms a shape that looks like </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">. It feels weird going from one world to another. She shivers, knocks, and then hears a bag full of groceries hit the floor. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle27">She looks over and there is an older gentleman standing there with his mouth open, he was holding two bags of groceries, but now only one bag is in his arms. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">Trent <span class="rwStyle27">opens the door. “How the hell…” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“Can I come in?” Xen says as she walks into the apartment before the person outside can figure out how his jaw works to ask any questions. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> kind of surprised by this, closes the door, and tries again “How the hell…”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">Xen says “You know that agent that was trying to kill you? They are called Hit marks, it is kind of like a terminator. I mean… like from Terminator 1, I guess you can include 2, but he is not a good guy.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> processing this. Looks over at his door view screen and sees the grocery man from earlier walking down and looking in towards his apartment. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> thought he just pissed off some dude in a suit. Nothing out of the ordinary. But someone actually trying to kill him, and he is a… “Wait like he is a Cyborg? Shit, stop distracting me, how the hell…”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“Yes. They are called Hit Marks. He was at the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">Highland Steps</span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> today. I thought it was weird that so were you.” She says</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“…Find me” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> finishes his sentence anyway. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">Xen realizes she hasn’t really let </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> speak and decides to answer his question while processing her next thought. “Your phone is easily traceable. I have been shot and do you have anything to drink?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> pulls out some Jägermeister, sees Xen’s face, put’s it away, and pulls out Vodka questionably. When he sees approval, he pours a glass with ice and then goes to get supplies. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">When he comes back, he washes and treats her wound. She was luckily that she was only grazed so it was something </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> could handle. While he is treating her injury Xen tells him more about Thomas and that he works for an organization that is pretty powerful and warns him to be careful. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“Why does he want me?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> asks</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">’s phone rings. The screen reads that it is in virtual phone mode and loaded as </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_61.xhtml">Susan</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">’s phone. “Hello?” she answers. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> wondering if she even realizes that he is still there says to no one in particular “Fuck, it wasn’t like we were having a conversation or anything.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> looks up from the phone “Can you get me some ice?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> responds on the other side “Ice? Wait, who is this?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“This is </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_61.xhtml">Susan</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">’s phone.” Xen responds</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“I know that, where is </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_61.xhtml">Susan</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> asks.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“Sorry, she lost it I am trying to get it back to her.” Xen says. She starts to tap into </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">’s phone. When she looks at the screen she is suddenly seeing in waves. Xen can feel reality hitting her for her earlier jump. The </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_5.xhtml">digital web</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> is dangerous to visit personally, and she is now paying for it. Sometimes you come back still partially connected. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“Look just take it to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">Highland Steps</span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> Apartments I will let the front desk know you’re coming.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> says hearing her go kind of absent. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“Yeah… I’ll do that.” Xen replies mechanically. She was still trying to figure out what she was seeing, hearing, feeling. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> hangs up and parks his car. On his way up to his penthouse he calls </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">Highland Steps</span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> to let them know. When he calls, they tell him he needs to call Officer Ev. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> asks why, but they wouldn’t say. He calls the officer and she informs him that Susan has died and they have some questions. “Could you come by my office tomorrow morning?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> agrees, but he can hear the tone that she has some questions and he may be on the suspect list. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> went into the apartment and Suni made himself comfortable in the living room. While </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> was in the shower Suni heard something at the front door. He went to look and saw what looked like a heat wave through the eyehole. The was a sigh and then he heard something towards </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">’s room. Suni stealthily made his way down the hall, when a large beast jumped out at him. “Damnit Coyote” Suni said as he also heard what sounded like the shampoo bottle drop in the shower.  </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">Suni smiled and shook his head, he knows this trick. Entropy is causing their conversation to be silent. Coyote wasn’t smiling. He was in his beast form and he looked angry. “It hurt us. What are you going to do about it?” he said to Suni, then lunged at him. They scuffled a little and some music kicked on. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> thought he heard something, but then could hear the rhythm of a beat and knew it had to be his whole house sound system. As they fought around the living room. Things would fall over, but coyote was smooth knocking everything perfectly back into place. Suni fought hard to keep up with him, but they have done this dance before. “I don’t know what to do.” Suni finally said.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“Go back to where it attacked us.” Coyote said. “Go back, find the corruption, and we will kill it.” Suni heard the music turn down and he turned to see </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> at one of the wall controls. He looks back at the room, but Coyote was gone, and it was almost as if he was never there. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> hands Suni a package. “I need you to put this in a safety deposit box.” The item he handed him was wrapped up tightly. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">Suni could feel the power coming from the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_58.xhtml">diadem</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> “what is this?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“It is a very powerful item. Do not touch it, and for the love of God, do not put it on.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> warns.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“Yeah. Got it.” Suni says. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">After dropping off the item Suni takes </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> to the location where the school bus was located. Suni tells </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> “I need to see what happened here. There was a school bus which is all I can really remember. I am not sure if it was something around the bus, in the bus, but it hit me hard.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">They were standing on the corner where Suni remembers it happening. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> saw a car slowdown and look over in their direction. He could see a tattoo of an eight ball on a person neck. “Fuck, we have a problem.” Before they could get far, the four caught up and attacked.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle27">Suni tried to start talking them out of it, and where he had one guy lower his knife, the other guy didn’t have a problem punching a man well into his 50s. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">Vic <span class="rwStyle27">started tagging different things he saw on the street. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> carries these stickers that have pentacles with circles on them. They are a cheap way to allow him to connect his raw power to things. It gives him the focus he needs to control the chaos around him. It goes off perfectly. A power transformer blows and a cable drops throwing sparks all over the place. Multiple car alarms went off, a crash happened in the intersection, streetlights all became green, walk signs all said go and you could hear the visual impairment assistance “Walk… Walk… Walk…” This caused a great enough distraction that allowed </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> to start his escape. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">BANG BANG! One of the four let off his gun but </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> just dove around the corner. The other guy with the knife went to stab Suni but didn’t see how close he was to the base of the tree. Around this tree in Seattle someone placed a small wrought iron fence around it to assist people into going around and not stepping on the bed. His foot got caught in it, and the spike went through his leg. The gang member screamed and Suni ran… right into the man with the gun. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">They both stumbled and regained their balance. As Suni turned the corner the gunman released another BANG and Suni felt a sharp pain in his leg. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> was a little angry and a little worried, Suni was hobbling and wasn’t going to make it to the car.  He dropped to the ground and drew a circle around him. He dabbed a tiny piece of blood and could feel the circle pop. He started a low chant and focused on the gun. He knew this gun. He could feel the cold metal, the weight, his senses connected him to the chamber, and he muttered the right words, with the right will, and the right focus that would convert kinetic energy into thermodynamics. The gun went to bark one more time, but exploded instead, ripping apart the wielder’s fingers. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">Suni fell into the car and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> peeled away, “What was the name of that Vet? Teddy?” Suni says as they see a dump truck veer off the road to avoid another car and narrowly missed the shooter before crashing into a Subway. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">//Cut Scene//</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">A man in a million-dollar suit wearing a purple tie is sitting on his desk talking to another person when he hears the cries of someone heading towards the room. They come through the door and he sees a man with his fingers blown off. “What Happened?” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">While they were telling him, the gunman couldn’t get his sobbing under control so the man with the purple tie shot him. “Continue.” His men did but was frightened. “So, what you’re saying is you hunted down the guy that shot my brother, and when you tried to take him out, our guns… our very expensive, high demand guns… failed? If our buys hear about this incompetence, we could lose a lot more than money.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">The man that was holding the other man whose fingers were blown off stood up and handed him a piece of a sticker. The man in the expensive suit looks over at one similar to it on his desk. “What’s going on here?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle27">//End Cut Scene//</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“Life is chalk fucking full of people trying to influence you. The absence of it, while odd, is much preferable.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> thought to himself while walking down the street heading to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_55.xhtml">Trinity Nightclub</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">. He put on the ointment that Agent Blair gave him, and the results were… strange. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> never really thought about advertisements being consider manipulation before, but the ointment did. Store front signs, billboards, or stickers on the sides of busses didn’t grab his attention, it was almost as if they were never there. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">While standing outside the club a man dressed well, but not quite of this time came up to him and offered him a smoke. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> turned it down. “Oh right, your body is a temple.” (Link to the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">Unknown Vampire</span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> for reference)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“Who are you?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> asks.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“I should be going; you don’t seem as fun tonight as usual. You can forget now.” He says as he starts walking inside.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“Whoa, excuse me buddy.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> says and seems to catch the man by surprise. “I don’t recognize you, what do you mean don’t seem as fun?” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">The man slowly turns back to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">, he chuckles and says “I love watching your parkour. You are entertaining to talk to, but alas, I must be off. You may forget now.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“What’s your name? Were you hear the other night?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> inquires. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">Which a blur of motion the man was standing behind </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> “Something is different about you. Something smells different. Why do I not affect you?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle28">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Sasha</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> turns around to face him and he blurs back a step. “Don’t know, but I am not getting a good feeling about you. What is your name?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“I’ll come back another night. We can talk again.” He says as he walks away. </span>
      </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_94.xhtml">Game 00</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_86.xhtml">01 Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_130.xhtml">Game 08</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>