<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 15</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_82">Game 15</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Game Day</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Game Date: </span>
        <span class="contents ">3/18/17</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Date in Play: </span>
        <span class="contents ">(10) Marpenoth 18, 1491; </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents "> (10) Marpenoth 20, 1491; Necromancer (10) Marpenoth 27, 1491;</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">TLDR</h2>
      <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The beginning of the story started with the heroes arriving at the <a href="Topic_71.xhtml">Vale of Dancing Waters</a>. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">They learned about movement of <a href="Topic_63.xhtml">the 4 Cults</a> in <a href="Topic_140.xhtml">Beliard</a> and near IronForge.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The interrogated <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> to learn more about <a href="Topic_60.xhtml">Aerisi</a>, the weapon <a href="Topic_200.xhtml">Ironfang</a>, and where the stone armor the Orc were wearing came from. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> killed <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a>. <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> and <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> got into an argument about this. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">At <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a> the heroes reconnected with everyone. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">They got information where the <a href="Topic_197.xhtml">Cult of the Crushing Wave</a> are.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The Lord of Lance Rocks’ father Imuesk came asking for the <a href="Topic_201.xhtml">Dagger of Velsharoon</a>. <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> asked him to join them to get it back. </li>
      </ul>
      <h2 class="section1">Detailed Entry</h2>
      <p class="contents "> Our adventure started off with the heroes arriving at the <a href="Topic_71.xhtml">Vale of Dancing Waters</a>. Once they arrived the <a href="Topic_135.xhtml">Mud-Bloods</a> informed the heroes they need to head to Waterdeep. <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a> was to meet her contact <a href="Topic_185.xhtml">Father Franz</a>. <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a> asked if they would be ok with him joining them. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The rest of the heroes knew they needed to heal up and it was going to take a while. <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> and <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> went into the <a href="Topic_71.xhtml">Vale of Dancing Waters</a> and <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> started tending to the sick. He worked for a while, but became exhausted and had to go back out to rest. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> went away from the rest of the survivors to meditate. She found herself in the High Forest, but it was many years ago. She was a child running through the woods. She was chasing after something. She got to a place in the forest and she could no longer see the light from the sun. Looking up at the canopy she could see that it was still day, but the light wasn’t making its way down to her. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">She moved further and eventually found the thing she was chasing. It was a fox, no… it was her fox. <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>’s spirit animal. It is hurt and it was licking its wounds. <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> sat on the ground and the fox slowly came to her and crawled up in her arms. If she didn’t know any better she would think it felt sick. It was shivering, but it went to sleep.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> tracked down one of the prisoners. He was a dwarf. <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> asked him, “You don’t happen to know <a href="Topic_34.xhtml">Brother Eardon</a> do you?” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The Dwarf looked a little suspicious at <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> and answered, “Well, yes. I do. Why do you?”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> told him how <a href="Topic_34.xhtml">Brother Eardon</a> was concerned and asked <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> to look into finding the <a href="Topic_70.xhtml">Mirabar Delegation</a>. <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> explained all he knew about the delegation and asked the dwarf if there was anything he saw.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The Dwarf nodded and explained, “We were being chased by something large. It was some kind of burrowing creature. We sent the delegation ahead while four of us stood back to take care of it. We fought it and we lost. One of my brothers in arms died while fighting. The rest of us were captured and taken in. I hoped that the <a href="Topic_70.xhtml">Mirabar Delegation</a> got away, but it appears they did not.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The Dwarf explained there were 35-40 of them. <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> only remembers seeing roughly 15 or so on the ground where the wreckage was located. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> and <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> returned from the <a href="Topic_71.xhtml">Vale of Dancing Waters</a> to find <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> and some others around a campfire. It was a little quiet, but this is probably due to people being locked up for months and some of these people, longer. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_215.xhtml">Halli</a> made his way down to the camp to meet with the heroes. After he sits down he says “It has been a while since I have heard anything about you all. Some rumored that the <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">Heroes of Red Larch</a> may be dead.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The heroes explained what has happened to them for the last half a year. How the cults had captured them and put them into slave labor. <a href="Topic_215.xhtml">Halli</a> seems to grow dark at the mention of the cults. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“Their activity has grown. You hear about them more and more these days. Down south there has been battles between the Air and Water cults near Ironforge. I am not sure the Bargewright Inn has been repaired as of yet. In the north, <a href="Topic_68.xhtml">the fire cult</a> terrorized the town of <a href="Topic_140.xhtml">Beliard</a>. Some monks of ours have been up there tending to the wounded and helping rebuild. Stories from all over of children going missing have been making its rounds.” <a href="Topic_215.xhtml">Halli</a> says. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">After his stories, some food, and telling everyone goodnight, <a href="Topic_215.xhtml">Halli</a> headed back to the <a href="Topic_71.xhtml">Vale of Dancing Waters</a> and left the travelers to get some rest. After everyone was a sleep <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>, with <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> and <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>, grabbed <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> and dragged him away from the others.  </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">They started threatening him, <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> and <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> took turns punching him. <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> finally settled them. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> told <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> “This is what I want to know. I want to know who Queen <a href="Topic_60.xhtml">Aerisi</a> is. I want to know what <a href="Topic_200.xhtml">Ironfang</a> is. I can make your death quick or I could drag you all the way back to <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> replied, “I’m used to pain. I have answers for your questions, and I know what you want. So this is what I want. I want to be able to walk away from here. Do we have a deal?”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> said “If I let you leave, you leave the <a href="Topic_105.xhtml">Sword Coast</a> and never return. You don’t hurt anyone on the way out.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> and <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> spoke up, “We are not good with that. <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> isn’t going to live.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>, <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>, and <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> got into an argument about needing this information. <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> made the point that if they want to do anything about these cults they need to know this, but <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> and <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> didn’t budge. <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> threw his hands up and said, “Then this is a waste of time.” Then he walked away.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> and <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> talked and <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> told <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>, “I give you my word, he is not going to harm anyone ever again. Leave me with him.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> started negotiating with <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a>. He told him that he will honor Armonds agreement and if he gives him the information including information about the Orcs with stone armor he will let him live. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle95">{BTW: This should have been a bluff check. He should have had a chance to spot deception}</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> was kind of surprised by this. <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> chose his words of “Let me walk out of here” thinking they would never let him live. So <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> knew he was going to have to fight for his life, but <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> was offering to let him live. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">So <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> told him everything he wanted to know:</p>
      <p class="contents ">“<a href="Topic_60.xhtml">Aerisi</a> is no queen. Sure she leads <a href="Topic_67.xhtml">the Air Cult</a>, but if she is calling herself Queen she must be power hungry.” <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> takes a moment to think. “<a href="Topic_60.xhtml">Aerisi</a> is an elf. Ever since she was a little girl she wanted to fly. It became an obsession to her. This is how Yan-C-Bin, her god, found her. Yan-C-Bin taught her how to grow wings and <a href="Topic_60.xhtml">Aerisi</a> learned the ways of air.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle95">{Forgive me, I couldn’t remember the order of your questions and some of the actual questions themselves. I should have taken a break and typed some notes.}</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> asked, “The <a href="Topic_58.xhtml">Feathergale Knights</a>, are they her followers?” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> looked to <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> and said, “<a href="Topic_60.xhtml">Aerisi</a> does have some followers, but this is outside the scope of our agreem...”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> said, “Fine… Fine.” Cutting <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> off. “What can you tell me about the knife, <a href="Topic_200.xhtml">Ironfang</a>?”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> instinct is to protect the <a href="Topic_152.xhtml">Cult of the Black Earth</a> at all cost, but over the last five months he has grown to think these heroes may just have what it takes to bring the Cult down. He takes a second to decide and says, “<a href="Topic_200.xhtml">Ironfang</a> is not a knife. It is a war pick. A war pick infused with the power of Ogremoch. Long ago the Elemental Evil connected with a legendary weapons smith here in this world. It helped him create the four weapons of the elements. <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a> Ur-nrayle was the one to find Ironfag and his devotion to Ogremoch helped those two come together.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> asked “What are the other 3 weapons?”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> replied “I’m sorry, that I will not tell you for that was not part of our deal.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> replied, “Fine. Stone Armor with the Orcs. Go.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> had to think back. He knew he remembered something about stone armor, but wasn’t sure specifically of the context of the Orcs. So he told <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> what he remembered and hopefully that will be enough. “The creatures of less nature were first. The god of evil earth took creatures like Orcs, Trolls, Goblins…”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> interrupted, “Kobolds?”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> looked discussed, “gods no. No one wants to work with kobolds. Anyway Ogremoch created from the earth mystical armor. The armor has been passed from generation to generation. The creatures work for the <a href="Topic_152.xhtml">Cult of the Black Earth</a> now. Ogremoch has blessed his armor to others in the cult, but not many ask for it.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> thinks if he knows anything else. He doesn’t want to be caught on a technicality. “I believe I have fulfilled the word of our agreement. Has my information been acceptable?”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> nods, “Yeah… just not enough for me.” and then punches <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> in the throat. It was a single strike, but it was laid perfectly. <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> could see the surprise on <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a>’s face, but he could also see the realization that <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> knew he was about to die. <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> smiled, tried to laugh, but choked and blood came up. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">As <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> was laying there dying he was angry that he was tricked, but proud that he caused a monk to lose his control and discipline. Hopefully this action will cause <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> to one day take up power that <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> was releasing into the world. After lots of coughing of blood and convulsing, <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> finally laid quiet. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> picked him up and walked him to the river. After disposing of the body he made his way back to camp. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Once he met up with <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> and <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> he went over everything he learned from <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a>. <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> asked “So when does <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> leave?” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> said, “He is not leaving. I killed him.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">This brought <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> and <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> into an argument. <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> was asking questions like “How can I trust you?” “Why would you do something like this?” <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> took all the hits and would explain, “It is a burden I will have to carry.” <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> made the argument that “<a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> didn’t lie to us. He could have told you he let him go, but he didn’t.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The argument continued as they do. <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> is having a real tough time with this. Unknown directly to the others, <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> looked to <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> for guidance. <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> and <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> quickly became friends because they have a similar past. They both have been through trials and tribulations that have been comparable. <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> sees a darkness in himself and he struggles every day to control it. <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>, being a monk of Ilmater, is a dwarf of upstanding virtue. If <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> can go through the things that <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> has gone though and continue to hold on to his integrity, <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> feels that he has a chance. This action is something that <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> can see himself doing, but hopes he doesn’t.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The Heroes found that the Vail of Dancing Waters has monks that will be heading north and some that will be heading south. The heroes are free to travel with them if they would like. They decided that they would like to go back to <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Once they arrived in <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>, it had that feeling of coming back home. They returned the Wagon and Horse to <a href="Topic_114.xhtml">Stannor</a>. <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> went to see <a href="Topic_25.xhtml">Harburk</a>, <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> went to the <a href="Topic_30.xhtml">Helm at Highsun</a>, and <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> went to go check on his <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">9 Hammers and a Keg Brewery</a>. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">On his way to the <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">9 Hammers and a Keg Brewery</a>
        <span class="rwStyle18">&lt;It needs a name&gt; </span>
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> saw out of the corner of his eye someone about to jump him. He got into ready position, but at last second he noticed it was <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>. <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a> picked him up into a big ol’ orc hug. <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a> told <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> all about the happenings around town. He talked about how he became deputy, he even puffed out his chest to show his star. <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a> was really excited to go tell everyone they are back, when he ran off <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> could see the kids pillaging his “Orc Fingers” cart. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle95">&lt;Storyteller edit here. I made some adjustments to this scene. I am adding a new Soft Theme called “</span>
        <span class="rwStyle28">
          <a href="Topic_86.xhtml">Finding Ourselves</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle95">” based on the events that have been happening. Let me know if you would like to make any changes to this scene as you are in control of your character I am just adding emotions &gt;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle95"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">When <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> entered he saw a person inside his <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">9 Hammers and a Keg Brewery</a>. After 5 months being away, this was the first thing <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> wanted to come back to. Coming back he finds that an intruder is here in his space. This is HIS space! He controls this place. Not someone else. <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> started concentrating to regain control. <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> is a monk and he shouldn’t be feeling these kinds of feeling about possessions. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> closes his eyes and allows his other senses to help center him. When he opens his eyes again he is staring into the eye of <a href="Topic_29.xhtml">Grinarv</a>. <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> was not sure he had enough meditation practice to prepare him for this. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“<a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> my old friend. You’re back!” <a href="Topic_29.xhtml">Grinarv</a> said hobbling up to him. “You like it? <a href="Topic_29.xhtml">Grinarv</a> tried to keep it up to your tastes. Here! Here! Come take a look.” <a href="Topic_29.xhtml">Grinarv</a> said as he was trying to show <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> around the place. This seemed a bit unlike what Barikol remembers of him. He noticed <a href="Topic_29.xhtml">Grinarv</a> kept the place up to his specs. There were a couple pieces of equipment that failed and <a href="Topic_29.xhtml">Grinarv</a> repaired them. He actually did a pretty good job. He seems to know something about this trade.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Barikol talked him through a couple of things he noticed around the <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">9 Hammers and a Keg Brewery</a> that <a href="Topic_29.xhtml">Grinarv</a> could do better. <a href="Topic_29.xhtml">Grinarv</a> was grateful for the feedback. <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> grabbed <a href="Topic_29.xhtml">Grinarv</a> by the shoulder and told him. “<a href="Topic_29.xhtml">Grinarv</a>, I misjudged you. You have done a really good job here.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“<a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>, you were right to judge me. As children <a href="Topic_29.xhtml">Grinarv</a> was an asshole. <a href="Topic_29.xhtml">Grinarv</a> remembers what <a href="Topic_29.xhtml">Grinarv</a> and friends did and said about you and your father.” <a href="Topic_29.xhtml">Grinarv</a> said.. of course in third person. “Your father would have been proud.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> nodded, “That means a lot. Thank you.” He took a moment to pause and look around at the place. “It looks like you are going to be on staff, let’s workout finances I can’t think of anyone better I would like to have run the place while I am away.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> was in the <a href="Topic_30.xhtml">Helm at Highsun</a>. He was seeing all the towns’ people. People of different races and he could tell different backgrounds. This town doesn’t seem like everyone was born here. It makes sense, this is a travel through town. A large man with a chipped tooth and three golden earring approaches the table. “Welcome traveler to the <a href="Topic_30.xhtml">Helm at Highsun</a>. I am <a href="Topic_72.xhtml">Justran</a>, what can I get you?” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> orders some food and ale, and continues watching the people while waiting on his new found acquaintances. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle59">{Cut Scene}</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_25.xhtml">Harburk</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> was chopping poultry going about his business. </span>
        <a href="Topic_25.xhtml">Harburk</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> has been extremely busy for the last few months. After the mess with </span>
        <a href="Topic_121.xhtml">Believers</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59">, the town got really suspicious of its community. This was very difficult for </span>
        <a href="Topic_25.xhtml">Harburk</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> combat. </span>
        <a href="Topic_25.xhtml">Harburk</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> is not very political. He is fair and just. He can enforce order, but being persuasive is just not in his tool belt. He also had to travel south to Waterdeep for the trial of </span>
        <a href="Topic_35.xhtml">Ilmeth</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> and </span>
        <a href="Topic_122.xhtml">Elak</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59">. This was tough on the soul. He knew these two for many years. They weren’t killers, they just believed in the wrong man, a monster, and made a terrible mistake, one they could not take back. The weight of their execution weighed heavy on him. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle59">{/Cut Scene}</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_25.xhtml">Harburk</a> was deep in thought when the door ringed. A man entered and <a href="Topic_25.xhtml">Harburk</a> said his standard “I’ll be with you in one…” But he didn’t finish. <a href="Topic_25.xhtml">Harburk</a> glanced up to expect to see a townsfolk or a traveler. He never could bring himself to say it, but he thought the <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">Heroes of Red Larch</a> may never return. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_25.xhtml">Harburk</a> cleaned himself up and walked over to shake <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>’s hand. “Welcome home. It sure is good to see you.” He said. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">They caught up, <a href="Topic_25.xhtml">Harburk</a> shared how there was a betting pool if you all were still alive. Explained that <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a> has been taking care of your affairs since you have been gone. <a href="Topic_26.xhtml">Kaylessa</a> will be happy to hear that the room will be used again. <a href="Topic_25.xhtml">Harburk</a> then offered to cover their meals at the <a href="Topic_30.xhtml">Helm at Highsun</a>. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle59">{Cut Scene}</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle95">&lt;this is part of a soft theme called “</span>
        <span class="rwStyle28">
          <a href="Topic_86.xhtml">Finding Ourselves</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle95">”. This scene may be a little emotional, but I feel it makes the heroes real. I don’t plan on this game becoming an emo, let’s fall in love with a shiny vampire story, but I would like to explore the heroes making a journey back to themselves. That is why this is a soft theme. This also sets expectations for both Players and Storyteller on how to lead/describe narration. This was also a scene I really wanted to run at the game, but unfortunately couldn’t.&gt;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> came back to the town and wasn’t sure where to go. She went over to the </span>Haeleeya’s<span class="rwStyle59"> Bathhouse to clean up. When she walked in </span>
        <a href="Topic_24.xhtml">Haeleeya</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> stood up and came running up to her. “the gods have listened, you have returned!” </span>
        <a href="Topic_24.xhtml">Haeleeya</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> said. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle59"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_24.xhtml">Haeleeya</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> took a quick look at </span>
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> and could see that her wounds go deeper than just her skin. “it’s ok, you’re safe now.” </span>
        <a href="Topic_24.xhtml">Haeleeya</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> didn’t know the words to say to help </span>
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59">, and didn’t know if the words existed. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle59"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> had not been touched by another human for the last 5 months in a kind way. She wasn’t sure how to process this. </span>
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> hasn’t had a good year. She joined an adventure party who all but one was slaughtered by zombies. She was captured by the necromancer who killed </span>
        <a href="Topic_136.xhtml">Odert</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> and placed his soul inside her. She began life with this new adventure party, and they too were captured. She was tortured for 5 months, and now she thinks her spirit fox is dying. Processing this is not an option and </span>
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> immediately hugs </span>
        <a href="Topic_24.xhtml">Haeleeya</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> again. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle59"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_24.xhtml">Haeleeya</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> glances over at one of her employees and moves her eyes to indicate for her to prep a bath. </span>
        <a href="Topic_24.xhtml">Haeleeya</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> let’s </span>
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> hold on to her for as long as she needs.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle59"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle59">The scene cuts and </span>
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> is taking a long overdue bath. </span>Haeleeya’s<span class="rwStyle59"> younger sister Lippa, who drew </span>
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> the bath, checks up on her “Is everything to expectations? May I fetch you something to drink?” When Lippa doesn’t hear a reply she glances over to see </span>
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> trying to answer, but bubbles coming out of her mouth. The employee get nervous as </span>
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> begins to levitate in a bubble. The bubble floats up to the ceiling and pops and </span>
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> splashes back down in the bath water. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle59"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle59">When she comes crawling out of the bath she looks up at the employee and says “I’m ok.” The employee screams and runs out of the bathhouse. </span>
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> thought for a second and realized she didn’t say “I’m ok.” She actually didn’t say anything at all. She made some noises, but not words. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle59"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> shook, to dry herself and then crawled over to the mirror. “Bark” (translation: “Well Shit”). In the mirror staring back at her is a fox. </span>
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> saw out the door what looked to be her spirit fox. She decided to follow him. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle59">Out of town they ran, </span>
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> could visibly see that her spirit fox wasn’t 100%. He was still wounded, still sick. They ran and ran. While on their little adventure, they ran into a… well… </span>
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> didn’t know what it was. But the thing that could only be described as darkness attacked them. During the fight, </span>
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> allowed her Wild Magic to spark and could see the stress it caused her Spirit after each burst. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle59"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle59">Once </span>
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> made it home… well snuck back to the bathhouse to retrieve her cloths, then home. She had a lot to think about. On her way to her room, she could feel a wild surge. </span>
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> suppressed it the best she could and went to her room to get some rest.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle59">{/Cut Scene}</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The remainder of the week went pretty smooth. The heroes met with different people around town. There was a moment, where the town paid their respects to <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>. Everyone in the <a href="Topic_30.xhtml">Helm at Highsun</a> took a piece of crumble bread and the room went around telling stories. Everyone took a bite and chewed… and chewed… and chewed some more <a href="Topic_31.xhtml">Marielye</a>, the bar maid, started laughing first. Then a couple other people. Then eventually the whole room started letting out a gut laugh. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">A caravan came rolling through town. It is a known group. They travel in a circle from <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Mirabar</a> to Waterdeep, then up the coast to Luskan, last back to <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Mirabar</a>, and then back again. Travelers from all over visited the stores and shops. It was a good day for <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">That evening two beautiful women entered the <a href="Topic_30.xhtml">Helm at Highsun</a>. After visiting for a little bit one of the women said “I am looking to hire someone. My ship was pirated by some assholes flying this symbol (She holds up the symbol of the <a href="Topic_197.xhtml">Cult of the Crushing Wave</a>). Must we travel all the way to Waterdeep for help?” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> was quick to stand up and greet the ladies. “Me lases, have uh seat, let’s tulk.” The red head looked over to the blonde to see what she thought. The blonde took a look at the table and looked back and shrugged. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">They approached the table and sat down. They introduced themselves at <a href="Topic_212.xhtml">Teria</a> and <a href="Topic_218.xhtml">Sesa</a>. They explained their ship was stolen on the Dessarin River. The heroes had to promise to return half the cargo from the ship, plus the ship, and they can keep the other half as payment. Once agreed they asked “Do you really think you can handle this job?”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> replied “How about give us a night to think it over, and you go and talk to the town’s people about what we can do.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_212.xhtml">Teria</a> said “We seal a deal a little differently where we are from.” <a href="Topic_218.xhtml">Sesa</a> waves down <a href="Topic_31.xhtml">Marielye</a>. When she comes over <a href="Topic_218.xhtml">Sesa</a> whispers something in her ear, <a href="Topic_31.xhtml">Marielye</a> nods, and goes back to retrieve shots. “This is from my family’s distillery.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Everyone shot it back, and it hit them hard. It was probably, if not the best, one of the best whiskeys everyone ever tasted. <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> looked up at <a href="Topic_212.xhtml">Teria</a> and asked “I think you may want to try something from my <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">9 Hammers and a Keg Brewery</a>.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle18">&lt;I would like to talk about this more in the game and in notes. What is the name of </span>
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        <span class="rwStyle18">’s </span>
        <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">9 Hammers and a Keg Brewery</a>
        <span class="rwStyle18">? What is the name of the ale? Is it ale? Let’s build this since it is a built location that keeps getting referenced.&gt;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The heroes had fun that night. Everyone was drinking, music was playing, people were dancing, <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> and <a href="Topic_212.xhtml">Teria</a> may have snuck off at some point, and everyone had legitimate fun. For a splitting moment one could forget that the lands were plagued with evil occultist kidnapping people into slavery, killing merchants for loot, robbing and burning villages, and more. The heroes deserved this moment. They do not get too many of these. So they lived this like it was their last. Because, well you never know. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The next morning the heroes were feeling refreshed and enjoying their breakfast (at roughly 10:00AM). They agreed to <a href="Topic_212.xhtml">Teria</a> and <a href="Topic_218.xhtml">Sesa</a> to get their ship back. The party agreed they needed money and this was a good job. The bonus was it was also part of the mission they set off on. <a href="Topic_212.xhtml">Teria</a> and <a href="Topic_218.xhtml">Sesa</a> decided not to travel on to Waterdeep. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">While they were finishing their meal a boy known as <a href="Topic_54.xhtml">Braelen</a> walks in. “<a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>?” he asks approaching the table.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> turned to the child and remembered him. “<a href="Topic_54.xhtml">Braelen</a>, what can I do for you?” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“<a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> there is a man on the south end of town wanting to speak with you.” He replied. The boy looked nervous and scurried off. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The heroes all took a glance at each other, shrugged, grabbed their stuff, and headed to the edge of town. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_25.xhtml">Harburk</a> was standing there with his arms crossed looking at the visitor standing about 200 feet from the edge of town. They had to speak up to hear one another, but their voices carried well enough. “Are you <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> of the <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">Heroes of Red Larch</a>?” he says. Now that everyone has gotten a closer look, this man is standing with two creatures, which appear to be zombies, chained to him.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“I am.” <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> replied, “Who may you be?”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“My name is <a href="Topic_211.xhtml">Imusek</a>, father of Oreioth, he was also known as the <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">Lord of Lance Rock</a>. I believe you sent this.” He says holding up one of the flyers that <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> had <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a> put together. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“OK, you found me, what do you want?” <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> said to the necromancer. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“I come only asking for a possession he held that was never his to begin with. I also request to know where his body is.” <a href="Topic_211.xhtml">Imusek</a> replied. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> thinks and realizes he threw the body into the quarry. He is about to speak up when <a href="Topic_25.xhtml">Harburk</a> shouted “The body is buried south of here.” <a href="Topic_25.xhtml">Harburk</a> gives a landmark so the necromancer can find him. <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> looks over at <a href="Topic_25.xhtml">Harburk</a> and he gives <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> a little side smirk. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“Thank you. The item I am looking for is known as The Dagger of Velsharron. I would like that back please.” He says. The necromancer speaks with an annoying high voice, like his son. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“Unfortunately we do not have that item. We know who took it.” <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> replied. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“Will you retrieve it for me? That dagger in the wrong hands can do terrible things.” <a href="Topic_211.xhtml">Imusek</a> said.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“Like what?” <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> asked.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“You don’t question the great <a href="Topic_211.xhtml">Imusek</a>, I shall rip…” <a href="Topic_211.xhtml">Imusek</a> thought, but said “The dagger holds many properties. It can summon the soul of long ago and place it in a young man’s body.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The heroes didn’t seemed to be phased by this idea. <a href="Topic_211.xhtml">Imusek</a> thought that a man of the cloth would have a great problem with this. Souls should move on, to take death away from someone should be cruel. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“How about this.” <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> said, “You help us get it back and it’s yours.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“Like hell I will travel with you filthy lot…” <a href="Topic_211.xhtml">Imusek</a> thought, but decided to say “Surely your paladin may have a problem with this.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“I don’t want to travel with you either, but if it is for the greater good, I will consider it.” <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> said. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“Interesting.” <a href="Topic_211.xhtml">Imusek</a> thought. “I shall think about it, I will need a tenday. I will return to this spot.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_211.xhtml">Imusek</a> walked away. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle59">{Cut Scene}</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> steps off a wagon that is heading northeast to Silverymoon. He walks into the </span>
        <a href="Topic_30.xhtml">Helm at Highsun</a>
        <span class="rwStyle59"> and finds the rest of his companions discussing their next move over lunch.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle59">{/Cut Scene}</span>
      </p>
    </section>
    <footer class="topicFooter">
      <h2 class="childTopicsHeader">Child Topics</h2>
      <ul class="childTopicsList">
        <li class="childTopicsEntry">
          <a href="Topic_142.xhtml">Game 15</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </footer>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_42.xhtml">Game 14</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_87.xhtml">Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_88.xhtml">Game 12&amp;13</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>