<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Barikhol Backstory</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_154">Barikhol Backstory</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Stories</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was born in Mithiril Hall to Barik and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_97.xhtml">Gwanwyn Stoutale</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. Gwanwyn died during childbirth, as giving birth to a dwarf is akin to pushing out a boulder, and it oft times ended badly. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> grew up like other dwarves, learning the basics of combat with the hammer and axe just like all dwarves and enjoyed his training.  He liked to fight, and actually had plenty of opportunities, due to his father’s less than sterling reputation.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Barik was a brewer, which is usually a well-respected trade for a dwarf.  The problem was that Barik wasn’t a very good brewer, and most of his ales were sold as “dares” between friends, or as punishment for lost bets.  So, dwarven children, as all children, ridiculed </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">.  They called him things like “badale” and referred to him as “goblin piss” because the only thing that his father made was poor tasting spirits, and obviously his father had made him.  So, he enjoyed crunching other’s noses under his fists, and got very good at it.  Before long, any ridicule was done out of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">’s earshot.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Dwarven sons tend to take up the trade of their fathers, and this often goes back several generations.  As such </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was to be a brewer (which he didn’t find very attractive, giving the reputation of his father).  During his studies, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> found a note in a brewer’s book that had been handed down for generations.  The note was a recipe for Fire Mead, which was written by his great, great grandfather.  The recipe compared the Fire Mead to the dwarven stout that is so loved by all of the small folk, but the bite would make a red dragon’s eyes water.  One of the main ingredients was dragon peppers, which were hard to come by in Mithiril Hall, and grew only in the Anaroch Desert.  </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> told his father about the discovery, and since the Stoutale Tavern had no business to speak of, they were on the road the next day.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The travel was easy in his father’s wagon, and they enjoyed the travel together; it was a father and son adventure.  Until the orcs attacked.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> will never forget these filthy orcs. They wore a distinct stony armor. Most orc are costumed to basically go without armor. Some orcs will tie different pieces of armor, shields, and random pieces of metal together to give them some kind of protection. These orcs seemed to have armor tailored for them out of stone. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">They came screaming out of the trees on both sides of the small trail. They killed the horses pulling the wagon first; presumably so the dwarfs could not flee.  Barik was no fighter, but leapt in front of his son to protect him.  He died quickly, with a sword thrust to the chest.  </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> did his best to kill the orcs, but there were many and he was young.  He did manage a satisfying punch to an orc’s face and felt bones give under the weight of his blow.  Then the spear pierced his back, high on the shoulder.  </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> knew he must flee or die.  </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The orcs did not run him down, and seemed more interested in what dwarves were carrying in the wagon.  Dumb, smelly orcs probably thought it was gold and weapons.  </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was sure all orcs thought dwarves did nothing but smith and mine.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">After running several miles bleeding (not to mention a damned spear sticking out of his back) </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> left the road and removed the spear.  That was the last he remembered for some time.  When he awoke, he trudged back to the wagon to bury the remains of his father, only to find the body gone, and the wagon wrecked.  Apparently brewing supplies didn’t interest the stupid beasts.  </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> scavenged what supplies he could and set up camp in a small clearing.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">A terrible thought occurred to him; he didn’t know how to get back to Mithril Hall!  After panicking for a few moments, he decided that it didn’t matter, as he had no friends there, and it had always been a place of ridicule for him.  This clearing in the forest was as good a place as any.  He set up a small distillery, and there he stayed, surviving and brewing meads and ales, not far from a small road.  Occasionally, a traveler would pass and share a mug of ale, food and news with </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle93">In a nearby town lived this group of four builders. They were always traveling for work. This was good business for </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> because every time they were on their way somewhere they would stop by, have a few drinks, and buy a barrel for the road. When they would return, they would tell </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> that they told everyone where they bought this ale and buy a few more drinks. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle93"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle93">They were fun to have in the tavern and the other customers loved them. One day they did their customary stop to get some drinks and buy a barrel for the road. They drank, sang, and played games with other patrons. On their way out they said 'we will see you in a month and you better have something new for us'. A month passed and they never showed up. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> never heard from these four again. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_98.xhtml">Oboku</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was one such traveler.  </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_98.xhtml">Oboku</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was a monk from the Monastery of the yellow rose.  He was sent as an emissary to Waterdeep to help verify the lineage of a minor noble from Vassa.  </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_98.xhtml">Oboku</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was travelling back to the monastery and shared with </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">'s camp one night.  The two became fast friends.  </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> told </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_98.xhtml">Oboku</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> of his father's death, and his inability to stop the orcs.  If only he had been stronger, a better fighter, his father may still be alive.  </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_98.xhtml">Oboku</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> gave </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> a small demonstration of the Way of Flowers martial art (the man snapped a small tree with a kick!).  That is all </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> needed, and he asked </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_98.xhtml">Oboku</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> if he could go to the monastery with him and study.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Many years passed for </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> at the monastery.  In the beginning, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> worked for most of the day doing menial tasks and very little else.  He was taught of the monastery’s deity, Ilmater, the god of endurance.  This god made so much sense to him as he endured much hardship in his early life.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">After a time, Master </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_98.xhtml">Oboku</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> began to train </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> in the studies of the Way of Flowers.  </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> found his training most difficult. His stocky Dwarf body did not cooperate with the flowing flowery style.  Upon discussing this with </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_98.xhtml">Oboku</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, the suggestion was made to train in the 9 Hammer style.  The 9 Hammer Style truly fit </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">; it’s straightforward heavy punches and short fast kicks suited the stocky dwarf well.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_98.xhtml">Oboku</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> was very memorable. He is the first human you probably have meet to have a light blue skin. He never talked about it, but when his emotions would take the better of him nature seemed to react with him. The wind would blow open doors in rage or he would manage to stay cool on the warmest of summer days. If ever asked he would shrug it off and blame coincidence or say he likes the heat. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Years passed, and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">’s training was complete.  He was sent out into the wide world to seek his enlightenment, and be among the people.  However, he has promised to return to the Monastery of the Yellow Rose to finish his initiation and “Ride the Remorhaz” to become a Master of Dragons.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_145.xhtml">Armond Backstory</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_143.xhtml">Character Backstories</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_155.xhtml">Grimble Backstory</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>