<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Feathergale Knights</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_58">Feathergale Knights</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Overview</h2>
      <p class="contents ">A story of the Feathergale Knights</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;This first one here was a battle that took place over 100 years ago. This was the first time the hippogriffs went flying into battle. This was obviously before the current Lord Commander. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Waterdeep was under attack by ghost. Waterdeep has griffon riders, but they are 5 riders. Waterdeep knew the ghost were coming but didn't have the man power to hold them back. The ghost were going to make an aerial attack and a group of heroes knew how to defeat them, but they needed time. A group of knights were sent to the Sumber Hills to use the hippogriffs. Waterdeep had a stable out there were they were training hippogriffs, but they have never been ridden into any kind of battle. At least not by the knights of Waterdeep.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The heroes ventured to where the sorcerer was summoning the ghost from and had to fight his undead army to destroy the gym. The Griffon riders of Waterdeep were losing. There were hundreds of ghost and the Griffon Riders are mighty, but even they didn't stand a chance at survival for long. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Then came the sounds of the horns of the Hippogriff riders. This turned the ties of the battle. The knights fought together and were able to hold the ghost back long enough for the adventures on the ground to do their job.&quot;</p>
      <p class="contents ">The Feathergale knights have a long history with Waterdeep. They are stationed in spires away from the main city, but normally near cities in which Waterdeep protects. They are hippogriff and vulture riders.</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Cast:: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Lord Commander </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_57.xhtml">Thurl</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents "> Merosska</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_56.xhtml">Savra</a> Belabrantha - One of the Feathergale Knight Guards</p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_51.xhtml">Bringers of Woe</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Up</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_61.xhtml">Themes and Threats</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>