<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Josephus Collaborative Adventure</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_164">Josephus Collaborative Adventure</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Stories</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>, <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>, <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, joined the army of a local warlord in search of adventure and glory.  Instead, he found himself pulling KP duty more often than not.  Not content to lead a military career peeling potatoes, he constantly worked to improve his martial prowess.  He worked tirelessly during his off-duty times to practice with anyone who was willing.  In addition to his military duties, he took time to learn the culinary arts so that he could provide his brothers-at-arms with the best camp food.  Because of his dedication and determination, he quickly advanced through the ranks of the kitchen staff and became the head chef.  He was deadly with a blade on and off the field and them men in the camp loved him.  One day, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was preparing a delicious stew for his men.  Instead of grabbing the seasoning, he mistakenly grabbed some nightshade powder.  Many men died that day due to unknown causes.  Too late, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> realized his mistake.  He resigned from the military life and ventured out on his own in search of redemption.  He told no one his mistake and vowed to never do so.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle62"> stumbled through the woods, dazed and bleeding. That was stupid. Attacking those kobolds alone was not a good idea</span>
        <span class="rwStyle23">. Why didn't </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle23"> just invite </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle23"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle23">? </span>
        <span class="rwStyle62">But he had been hunting them, his quarry, for weeks and was exhausted, out of supplies, and just plain frustrated with the time wasted on false trails and missed opportunities to attack. So had charged in like the idiot he sometimes thought he was. Now he was going to die hungry, alone and wounded in these god forsaken woods. The kobolds had apparently also been out of food. Now it three days later and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle62"> knows he is going to die of starvation. He stubbornly trudges onward.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle62"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle62">But wait…. what was that smell? Heavenly, impossible, delicious, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle62"> followed his nose and finds a miracle, a small camp with a bumbling pot set over a small fire. Without the lack of fear that he should have for a strange camp in a strange land, with his last reserve of energy, he stumbles into the camp and collapses before the fire unconscious. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle62"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> trudged along, just leaving the Anuroch Desert</span>
        <span class="rwStyle23"> with </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93">.  It had been a long hard trek, and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"/>
        <span class="rwStyle23">and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> had run out of rations and water, with only a small cask of blueberry wine left that he had brought from the temple.  Thankfully, he spied light from a campfire a short distance away.  Hopefully these were travelers, and not orcs or goblins, or kobolds, which were known to inhabit the area. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle23"> gave </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle23"> directions and said he will be there shortly.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle93">As </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> moved closer, he smelled a wonderful scent, possibly potato soup!  Knowing that no monster could cook something that smelled so delicious, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> strode into the camp, hoping that he could trade some of his blueberry wine for supper.  Upon stepping into the firelight, the first thing that </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> saw was a large man in chain mail armed with a spoon standing over a bloody and beaten body!  </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> had seen the masters of his order use unusual weapons, but to do this to someone with a spoon was frightening!  The poor man on the ground had no chance!</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle93"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> quickly stepped in front of the prone man, ready to defend him from the spoon wielding brute.  The brute backed away with a laugh, and quickly explained the situation.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, having explained the situation invited </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> to stay to eat.  During this time, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> eased </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> into a sitting position and spooned stew into his mouth and gave him water.  </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle23"> returned to see this situation and asked &quot;what happened?&quot; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">Eventually, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> came around enough to explain what he was doing in the area.</span>
      </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_151.xhtml">Tyelknowle Collaborative Adventure</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_146.xhtml">Character Collaborative Adventures</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_195.xhtml">Leokas and Rowena</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>