<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 11</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_20">Game 11</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Game Day</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Game Date: </span>
        <span class="contents ">11/07/16</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">In Play Date:: </span>
        <span class="contents ">(5) Mirtul 09, 1491;</span>
        <span class="contents "> (10) Marpenoth 3, 1491</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">TLDR</h2>
      <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a> didn’t return to the camp like he told <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a> he would. <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> went looking for him. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> came running back quickly. She was being chased by some kind of Troll monster. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">They fought and killed the Beast. The Beast was confused why <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>, an “earth Mage” was attacking him.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The Heroes tried to trick the guards, but that didn’t work. <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> broke open the side door. They opened the first door to their left and it turned out to be a Monk training room. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">Inside a Monk named <a href="Topic_141.xhtml">Hellenrae</a>. The heroes and she fought. She took the heroes down one by one and after each hero would fall, she gave the option for the rest of the heroes to leave. They did not and she eventually captured them all.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a> didn’t survive the fight. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a> was captured by the beast from the beginning. He finally got free, but too late to help his friends. Ty picked up his things and went searching for the <a href="Topic_135.xhtml">Mud-Bloods</a>. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">In the end he found them, five months later.</li>
      </ul>
      <h2 class="section1">Detailed Entry</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">{Note from Storyteller: Forgive me. I have a real problem with switching between past and present tense. I do not have any formal training on writing stories. I kind of wanted to spend a couple electives on a class to make me better, but all my electives got bought up with all the classes KSU didn't approve towards my degree. So, Enjoy the story, fix errors in your head where needed. Let me know if I need to fix anything.}</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">/Cut Scene\</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> told </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, &quot;I will meet you back at camp. I am going to watch the other side and hopefully see some activity inside. This place is a lot quieter than I thought.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty found an advantage point where he could see through the glass roof into a garden and could see into the rear side of the monastery. While he was watching Ty heard a noise that came flying out of the bushes. In a blink of the eye Ty had his dagger out and ready to throw. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The beast turned out to be a rabbit. It would actually have made a good food for later. Just before Ty threw the knife the area got really dark. When he turned around he got blindsided by the handle of a sword.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Tyelknole woke to sunlight hitting his face. He was locked in a cage and could hear fighting off in the distance. From the magic burst and battle yells he could tell were his friends. Ty inspected the cage. It was made out of sturdy wood and the door was tied shut in a thick complicated knot. The rope was heavy and difficult to manipulate. Ty could see his equipment just out of reach of the cage. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Using his clothes he took them off and tied them in a knot. He flung them out to try and wrap around his pack. Ty was nervous the beast would return, so between each throw he would listen. He finally got his shirt to pull his knife close enough to where he could reach his foot out and grab it. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty started cutting the rope. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">/End Cut Scene\</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">***Earlier***</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Everyone returned to the camp, everyone, that is, except Ty. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> said &quot;He will be back soon. We should wait for him.&quot; After some time passed the party started to worry that he was not going to return. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> went scouting for Ty. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> tried watching her from a vantage point, but eventually lost her to the darkness. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> found some tracks that lead her to a good lookout point that can see into the monastery. She peered over a rock to take a look. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> felt her ear twitch. She had the feeling she was no longer alone. She turned around and saw this monstrous beast bring down a sword onto her. She dived out of the way and ran. After some close encounters with the beast almost catching her </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> finally made it back to the camp where the others were alerted to her coming with company, by </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The beast was strong and could do some powerful damage. During the fight </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> tried to grab it with &quot;Max's Earthen Grasp&quot;. The creature got confused and said &quot;Earth Mage, why are you attacking me?&quot; Eventually, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> cast a spell that covered himself in ice shards and taunted the beast. The beast took two attacks on him and the ice shards shot through the beast and put it down.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The beast was laying on the ground trying to breathe, but having difficulty. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> walked up to it and it asked, &quot;Earth Mage, did I not serve the Cult of the Black Earth well? </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> said, &quot;No, you did good. You can rest in peace now.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The beast said, &quot;I… don't… understand.&quot; and he went to sleep. The beast started to disintegrate till he was nothing but a pile of sand on the ground. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The heroes took a rest and when Ty didn't return in the night, they feared the worst and came up with a plan to get into the monastery. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The choice was to attack the monastery or take guards clothes and pose as them to get into the monastery. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> played the part as the damsel in distress. She was pretending that she broke her ankle. She got the guards attention, but as they started to approach, something showed from </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> that something wasn't right and the guards looked at each other, then started to run to the building. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> yelled &quot;Wait!&quot; and sounded convincing enough the guards paused. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">She started stumbling up to them when one of the guards asked &quot;Wasn't it your other leg?&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> replied, &quot;ummmm…&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">They ran towards the front doors: </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> shot an arrow. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> threw his throwing axe. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> blasted at them, but missed. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> casted sleep and took down one of the one of the guards. The other guard kept running and the doors opened up when he ran up. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The heroes took the fallen guard and ran off. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">They found a place in the woods, stripped him, tied him up, and splashed water on him to wake him up. They questioned him about how many people were in the monastery and if they have taken a half elf as a prisoner. The guard wouldn't speak, but </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> can be very convincing with a knife into the leg. After a bit of screaming he admitted there were at least 50 inside. He tried to say that he doesn't know of any half elf, but </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> felt there was deceit behind his words. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">They tried to get more out of him, but the guard shutdown. He told </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, &quot;kill me if you must, but I am not saying another word.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> replied with, &quot;ok.&quot; And then he slit the guard’s throat. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">They decided to break into the Monastery. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> snuck up to the side door. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> kicked open the door. Right after the sounds from the room to the left got really quiet. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> walks up to the door and opens it. Inside was a dojo. There was a female tiefling and 4 human students. She says to the group of monks facing the intruders &quot;Class, our guest are here to learn how to dance, let's show them what you have learned.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The fight began. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> jumped into the room and started taking down the monks. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> ran outside to see a spot through the window so he can misty-step in. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> ran around the other side to go in through another door to attack the monks from behind. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> knocked out one of the fighters, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> casted sleep to drop the rest, the last person standing was the Tiefling. She stood her ground ready for the heroes. The moment one of them moved she darted lightning quick dropping </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> swung his sword at her and she blocked it, catching it by clasping her hands on the flat of the blade. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> casted &quot;Max's Earthen Grasp&quot;. The Monk punched her way out of the earthly hand. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;I train with earth mages, like you, daily&quot;. The monk said. She took two quick jabs at </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and kicked him in the head knocking him out. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> blasted a black and red bolt, which slammed into the tiefling knocking her against the wall. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> sent fire blast flames from her back, which burst in a set of 3 on the tiefling monk. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The tiefling monk kicked off the wall and landed in front of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. After a combo of blows </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> fell to the floor. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">On the ground </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> opened up his eye and was sliding something out of his pocket. He popped open a bottle of healing potion and took a drink. He popped open a second bottle and gave it to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> blasted the tiefling from behind sending her out into the hall way. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">She hollers back, &quot;I am giving you a choice. You can leave, or I can come back in.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> questioned, &quot;What do you mean come back in?&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">In reply the Tiefling jumped over </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> back into the room. She took up a fighting stance. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> walked over to her and bowed. In reply the Tiefling went to kick him in the head. She missed. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> said &quot;we will take our friend and leave.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;No, she is mine.&quot; the Tiefling replied. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> said, &quot;Poo Poo on this.&quot; (It was a great line, I know </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> used it somewhere else, but it felt better here) and jumped in to attack the tiefling. He took a couple of blows, a kick to the throat, and went down. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The tiefling said. &quot;I will give you this choice again. These two are forfeit.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> looked at each other. After a moments look </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> said, &quot;We have come this far…&quot; Then blasted at the Tiefling. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;Fools.&quot; She said as she deflected Barikhols strikes. She then did a combo of blows to him taking him out of the fight. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;Last chance.&quot; The tiefling said. She was winded. She was bleeding. She was hurt. &quot;Your friends are mine. Leave!&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;Not a chance.&quot; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> answered. The tiefling charged him. He swung his glaive and she flipped over it kicking him, and following up with a double punch. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> fell to the floor. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">//Cut scene\\</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Soldiers come running into the room. Two run up to the tiefling, &quot;Master </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_141.xhtml">Hellenrae</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, are you hurt?&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">She waves them off and points the intruders. &quot;Check them, strip them, and lock them up. These are the heroes of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> that defeated </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. I want to get to know them… intimately.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> stands outside on a hill looking into the window. He was too late. He watched the party get dragged out of the room and away. &quot;There are too many of them. No way am I able to take them on. Tymora what should I do?&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty was still getting his gear back together. The Monster went through all his stuff. Ty reaches into his pouch and pulls out a slip of paper. It is a bank deposit receipt. Something Ty has kept on him for many years. He remembers the day this came into his possession. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">He was on the streets of Phsant in the country of Thesk. He “acquired” this from a noble man. This was one of his days when he was with the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_135.xhtml">Mud-Bloods</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty packs his things and goes. Over the next weeks Ty is seen in different cities speaking to people in Thieves Cant, slipping coins to people, or handing over a bag of goods. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">***Later***</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Drums playing in a clearing under the canopy of the High Forest. A caravan of travelers seem to have made a permanent structure in the forest. This is their home or at least one of their homes. On a sign near the entrance to this clearing reads, &quot;You are now entering the home of the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_135.xhtml">Mud-Bloods</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. All who enter here are responsible for themselves as well as their company.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The clearing is a very small town, built for maybe up to 300 people. Their homes are built up in the trees, structures designed by wood-elfs. They have small structures along the road that sells goods (may or may not have been acquired via… donation), structures for place to get a good meal, structures that could work as an inn, and more. Tonight it seems all the towns people have made their way to a very large clearing where they keep their caravans and some of their livestock. They are having a gathering celebrating what seems to be a coming of age for 3 young men. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Sitting on a large chair on a platform is this blue Tiefling female. She is smiling and enjoying the festivities. She looks over at the crowd and her eyes fall on a particular person. Her expression of joy turned into one of shock, like she has seen a ghost.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> comes walking up followed by a stone dwarf. &quot;</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, I have a favor to ask of you.&quot; </span>
      </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_19.xhtml">Game 10.5</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_87.xhtml">Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_39.xhtml">Game 31</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>