<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Tyelknowle Backstory</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_157">Tyelknowle Backstory</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Stories</h2>
      <p class="contents ">Clan name - Waa’nornoro [Wha - no - Nor - o]</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">*At age 10, several members of the clan, including <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>, his mother, father, and brother were captured by slavers.</p>
      <p class="contents ">* At age 18, brother dies in slavery.</p>
      <p class="contents ">* At age 24, <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a> is sold to other slavers.</p>
      <p class="contents ">* At age 26, was being shipped to the Dagon Coast, the slavers got greedy and decided to attack a “Gypsy Caravan” mostly full of Half-elves and Tieflings. The slavers lost and the slaves were freed. <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a> joins the “family”.</p>
      <p class="contents ">* At age 29 moves to Waterdeep to learn more about the “craft” but lives mostly on the street, begging, petty crime, and scrounging.</p>
      <p class="contents ">* At age 35, attempts a “big heist” on <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Jurras Bigglesworth</a>, a wealthy merchant known to travel frequently. However, Jurras was home. Bigger surprise, Jurras is an influential lay member/supporter of the church of Tymora. <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a> is offered to the chance to work off his debt/crime with the church. <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a> accepts and becomes a member in training. </p>
      <p class="contents ">* At age 41, <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a> makes a pilgrimage out of Waterdeep at the request of the Church (modern day). </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_156.xhtml">Rowena Backstory</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_143.xhtml">Character Backstories</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_158.xhtml">Josephus Backstory</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>