<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Armond Backstory</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_145">Armond Backstory</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Stories</h2>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle97">
        <span class="rwStyle10">Backstory</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle97">
        <span class="rwStyle55">As a young child of peasant serfs, life was not all fun and games. From the time that </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> could walk, he was working the fields helping out his folks. Most of the week he tended to the lord's fields; plowing, seeding, fixing fences, or anything to keep the young serf busy. The other couple of days he attend his family's meager plot of land to provide food for his family and produce to sell at the market. One day while clearing a section of field of rocks, a young lord was passing by and noticed that </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was diligently removing rocks while other children played. This dedication to his work at such a young age impressed the young lord. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_184.xhtml">Lord Arthuris DeLark</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> decide to pay the young serf's parents for their loss as </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was now to serve as the lord's page/stable boy. Lord Arthuris gave </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> the rest of the day to get what little belongs he owned and say his goodbyes as he most likely would never see his parents again.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle97">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> Now as a page/stable boy </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> duties were no less tedious than he had been before, but just a different skill set. His main duties were to clean the horse stalls, maintain the horses, and help the master carpenter make repairs. Several years had pass and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> had grown into a strong lad from all the manual labor. During his free time he would watch the house guard train and every once in a while Squire Fenner would partake in the exercises. When no one was looking </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> would go behind the stables and practice what he saw. Unbeknownst to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, Lord Arthuris had seen him several times practice what he could remember. One day as </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was in the middle of his routine he was startled by Arthuris's approach, having seen </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> master the basic moves that he had witness, Lord Arthuris asked if he would like to formal train with the guard. As </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> eagerly accepted the lord's offer Lord Arthuris informed him that his duties came first and foremost and any slack in duties would result in disciplinary actions. Well </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> never slack in duties nor training. His dedication to training had afforded him with the prowess to best any man other than the swordmaster, Fenner, or Arthuris; for they had studied noble swordsmanship.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle97">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> During his time at Lord Arthuris's keep </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> had befriend many but no more so than Fenner. Fenner was the nephew of Arthuris and had been sent to become an apprentice squire under Arthuris in order to one day become a Knight. Fenner had all the makings to become a great knight. He easily understood social and political ethos, master of several languages, and was on his way to becoming a master swordsman. A little time after </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> join the guard training sessions, Fenner started taking a liking to him. Seeing a lot of himself in </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, he decided to teach </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> the fine points of a noble's education; teaching him of military tactics and strategy as well as the noble sword play. As time went by the two of them grew close as brothers. When </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was around seventeen years of age, the lord informed him that some of the guard, Fenner and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> himself would be leaving to join the King's Purple Dragons for the King had taxed his vassals with orders for soldiers. Lord Autheris expressed his fondness for </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and has come to regard him as a member of his family. Within the week the soldiers, including </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and Fenner, left for the Capital.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle97">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93">On the road to the Capital Fenner and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> ran into a little trouble. While passing through a small village they saw a fire. As they rushed up to lend aid, they saw the village was under attack by goblins. They jumped into action and fought off these vile creatures, but unfortunately </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> and Fenner were too late. As they turned a corner the heroes notice a wagon was rushing away driven by a person that could have been human with dark red skin. There were two goblins looking back at the village and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> could make out maybe 3 bodies in the back. The wagon was too far away for </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> and Fenner to catchup so they did all they could by helping to put out the flames. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle97">
        <span class="rwStyle93">While they were burning the bodies of the goblins </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> noticed that one of them had a branding on his upper leg that was covered with cloth before. It looks like a bowl and it looked new. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle97">
        <span class="rwStyle93">The village thanked the heroes and gave them food, drink, and a place to sleep for the night before they were on their way again the next day. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle97">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Upon arriving in the Capital, Suzail, the new recruits had to go through a rigorous evaluation to determine their skills. All of Lord Arturis's troop attain the highest level thanks in part to their master swordsman's teachings. Fenner and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> advanced through the ranks in a relatively quick time with Fenner earning the rank of Swordcaptian (Lieutenant) and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> Swordmajor (Sergeant Major) within 5-6 years. The higher ups took notice and assigned them into the Elite Guard. As elite guards their duty was to escort visiting nobles through the kingdom of Cormyr. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle97">
        <span class="rwStyle55">One fateful day while traveling from the border of the Dalelands south along the Stonelands to Gnoll's pass, the noble's caravan was ambushed by a gang of ogres (The Teeth, mercenaries). </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93">These ogres are different than the types read about in books. Most ogres couldn't be bothered with fine weapons and armor, but some of these ogres had well-constructed weapons and armor made of stone. It seemed to be only given to the 'leaders' of the ogre group (for lack of a better term). </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">The group held their own, as well as any monster hunter could, but as the heat of battle raged on, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">'s foolhardiness got the best of him and he, disobeying orders, charged after the fleeing ogres leaving very few soldiers to guard the caravan. When </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> came to his senses and hurried back he was horrified by the sight. A small second wave of ogres had attack the caravan from behind and slaughter the remaining soldiers. Only Fenner had managed to kill and fend them off until the war-chief torn through him with his great spear as </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> approached. Smiling with glee as he backed off, the war-chief had his men ignite the royal carriage ablaze </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93">and</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"/>
        <span class="rwStyle93">cause a landslide that pushed the royal carriage down the hill and mostly buried it</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> as they scampered off with the treasure of the noble family </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93">on the other side where the survivors of the attack could not reach</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> could hear screams of agony from within the carriage and fought through the flames to get to them but there was nothing that could be done, the flames were too intense. After he gave up trying to help the noble family </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> ran to Fenner side. As Fenner lay dying in his arms, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> promised always to think first before acting as not to ever cause others such pain.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">After </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and the remaining soldiers of the company returned back to the garrison and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> gave a full report of what happen; after words the wounded got medical care including </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, for the fire had burned if left arm and back. Some days later </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was call to the Constal (Colonel) for debriefing, During the debrief, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was informed that due to his actions he would be stripped of all rank, be administered administrative punishment, all land/wealth seized to pay restitution for the lives lost then exile from within the borders of Cormyr. As soon as the debriefing was over they took </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> to the stocks were they stripped him of his armor and administered 15 lashings. While still bleed and half conscious, they shacked him and loaded him in to a wagon and shipped him out of the realm to the city Iriaebor. Once they neared the city they un-sacked </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and through him out of the wagon into the dirt. With no money, no food, and no shelter </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> slowly and drudgingly made his way to Iriaebor. </span>
      </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_111.xhtml">Leokas Backstory</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_143.xhtml">Character Backstories</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_154.xhtml">Barikhol Backstory</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>