<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Finding Ourselves</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_86" topic_prefix="Complete">Finding Ourselves</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Overview</h2>
      <p>
        <span class="snippet_label">Theme or Threat: </span>Theme</p>
      <p>
        <span class="snippet_label">Type: </span>Soft</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>, <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>, and <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> have recently been captured and tortured for over 5 months. They all have histories that many adventures do. Most adventurers do not take the call under good times. For many something bad has to happen. They are lucky if it is just one thing.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">In this Theme we will be exploring these three heroes journey back to finding their center. They will be tempted to veer off course, but hopefully, together, they can find the strength to raise themselves back up to be the heroes that the citizens of <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a> know them to be.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">This theme also encompases <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a> and <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>. </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a> is struggling with returning to the Mud-Blood family or continuing his quest with his fellow Heroes of <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>.</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> is still deciding if working with these adventurers will help him with his goals.</p>
      <h2 class="section1">Impending Doom</h2>
      <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
        <span class="snippet_label">Player Theory: </span>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
          </span>: Something is going wrong with her spirit fox.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
          </span>: He is losing center and focus.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
          </span>: He is questioning if he is going to lose himself to the darkness.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <span class="rwStyle74">
            <span class="rwStyle78">
              <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
            </span>
          </span>
          <span class="rwStyle30">: He is struggling with returning to the Mud-Blood family or continuing his quest with his fellow </span>
          <span class="rwStyle74">
            <span class="rwStyle78">Heroes of Red Larch</span>
          </span>
          <span class="rwStyle30">.</span>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
          </span>: He is still deciding if working with these adventurers will help him with his goals.</li>
      </ul>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Real Doom: </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents ">: Her wild spirit will die</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>: He will lose center and his monk abilities will cease</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>: He will lose connection to his demon and his demon will think <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> is breaking his deal. </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">End Doom:: </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents ">: This will end when she allows her wild magic to run free during a major confrontation. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>: This will end when <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> rides the worm. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>: will have a confrontation with his demon. His demon will turn off his powers, but <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> will get powers from a new source. They will be the same (unless he wants to stat change), but fundamentally different. Killing his demon will end this condition, but fundamentally change everything about <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>. </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Rewards:: </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents ">: In the end she will get a pet. Her Fox spirit can take form by using </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_136.xhtml">Odert</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents "> or </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents ">’s soul and leave her body. </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents "> will have connection to it at all times.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>: </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>: </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>: He made his decision to come back after his trip to Waterdeep. But fate had a different decision for him and he returned to waterdeep.</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> discovered what was hurting her spirit fox. She allowed the wild magic to flow. </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> remembered who he was and was able to ride the Remorhaz. He is now a monk of the yellow rose.</p>
      <h2 class="section1">Moments</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>: had a moment where <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> was stressing when a conversation with <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> was happening. <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> had thoughts of attacking and maybe worse to <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>, but something stopped him at the last minute. <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> went for a walk and found himself at their room. He found a note from <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>.</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> is having anger issues. He smashed a bugbear in the face over and over with a mace. </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>: <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>'s magic is getting out of control she was afraid of endangering the party so she packed up and went out to follow her spirit. </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> requested a Necromancer, <a href="Topic_211.xhtml">Imusek</a>, come with the group to help them with the <a href="Topic_45.xhtml">Sacred Stone Monastery</a>. This is not an agreed move with the group </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Events</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>: will need to feel like letting her Wild Magic out is hurting her spirit, but it is a misunderstanding. Her spirit needs to run free so it can heal. By it only getting out in spirts it is getting sick.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>: She will find it harder and harder to track down her spirit. Her ears will slowly turn more halfelf like. Her red hair will start turning brown. </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>: will feel his abilities weaken. When he fails an ability roll we will role play that he is off centered. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>: will also have dreams of being back with <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> and in that final moment, he will look up to see his master <a href="Topic_98.xhtml">Oboku</a> watch him and his face fill with heartache. </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>: He will have that feeling like if the power goes out. There is always a constant buzz, but now it is gone. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>: When <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> fails a spell roll we will roleplay the spell fizzles. He is losing his connection to the Demon. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The Demon will tell <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> that <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> is making him weak. Take him out. </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_65.xhtml">Armond's Demon</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_61.xhtml">Themes and Threats</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">Next</td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>