<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 31</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_39">Game 31</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Detailed Entry</h2>
      <p class="contents ">The heroes head south to explore the pool of water. In the middle was a yellow casket. Etched on the side is &quot;Here rests Godwyd the Wyrmbane, dragonslayer and peacekeeper.&quot; </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The casket contains dust, bones, a cloven skull and helm, and a battered breastplate. A gleaming shortsword is clutched in the skeletons hands. There was also a bag of 600 gold… “was…” <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> remembered while tapping her pouch on her hip. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The heroes head North where they come across a deep cavern. There is a tiny ledge that one person at a time can make their way across. The difficulty is the wind. It has a mind of its own and it doesn’t wish anyone to cross. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">After some discussion, the heroes tied themselves up and attempted to make their way across. After a couple of slips. “SLIPS?” <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> recalls, “I slammed into the wall twice.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“If it wasn’t for <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> I would have gone off the side too!” <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> said. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“Thank goodness you crawled” <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> said</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“Not True! I didn’t crawl. Tell him <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>” <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> says.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“I literally couldn’t see anything.” <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> replied. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Once across they were attacked by nine cloaked figures. As the cult members were standing up <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> skips over there and blast them with cone of cold. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Eight of them shatter, and 1 of them is pinned to the ground. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Traveling a little more north, they run into the guards. Two Bariguras. These are large orange and blue ape like creatures. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Once they fight their way through them, they entered into the summoning room. This is where the heroes battle the god <a href="Topic_176.xhtml">Yan-C-Bin</a>. </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_20.xhtml">Game 11</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_87.xhtml">Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_40.xhtml">Game 31.1 (Armonds Story)</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>