<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Josephus Backstory</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_158">Josephus Backstory</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Stories</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">War. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">War is hard on a person. There have been many people through the years that have lost themselves to it. It changes a being. Doesn’t matter if you’re a Human, Elf, Dwarf, Halfling, Man, Woman, Old, or Young. You will always come back a different person. Why does one ever choose this path? Sometimes, they don’t have a choice. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was a common man, working on a common farm, in a common town, with a common life. He was very easy going. Most of the time life was enjoyable. There was the occasional beast that would sneak on to the lands they had to deal with, but this wasn’t troubling to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">This was before the great flood. One morning there was lots of rain. Farm work was going to have to wait. The problem is the rain didn’t stop. It got really windy and dark too. After two days the place had major flooding. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> family had to evacuate to a nearby town. It wasn’t till they got there that they were informed that the lands are in the middle of a hurricane.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">It got worst on the fourth day. The people that were staying in the town had to band together and repair buildings as parts of them were getting ripped apart. While out working on a roof </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was knocked off by a burst of wind. A female elf ranger nudged him before he hit the ground, breaking his fall. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> looked up at the adventuring party and said, “thanks.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The adventuring party helped the townsfolk fix the damages and they got inside for warm meals and use of the fireplace. They told the townsfolk this isn’t a natural storm. A Water Cult and the Air Cult are at war and this is the backlash of their magic. The adventuring party is traveling to the Air Cult’s lands to try and stop them. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Two days later the Adventuring party came back. They were missing a member. It was the Elf Ranger who saved </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> never did get her name and would kick himself when he thought back to that moment. The adventuring party was unsuccessful at stopping the cults from fighting. It got worse the cults thought that the “mortals” were sending attackers to interfere in their affairs. They decided to attack the village as payback.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The village took a pounding from the storm now on day eight, many buildings have collapse, a few people have died, and the lands were so flooded they couldn’t travel. This is when the military came. The Air and Water cults struck the militants first, and the military defended. The battle broke inside the small town. The townspeople decided to act, and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was one of them. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The battle was heavy and they took many losses. One loss will never leave </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> mind. Isaac, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> father, was in a sword fight with two Water Cult attackers. He was not holding his own. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> took action and sliced away the air cults in front of him and took out one of the attackers on his father. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">This freed up his father in being able to deal with the other water cult attackers and they stood there smiling at each other on their success. Out of nowhere an ice bolt came flying through </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> father’s chest. As Isaac fell he said, “I am proud of you son.” He passed away quickly. This was </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> first time experiencing death in the battle field. It haunted him, stuck with him, and it was a hard memory to forget. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">A man by the Name of Talin came running up behind him. “Kid!” he yelled while taking out an air mage with a halberd. “You may greave tomorrow. I will greave with you, but right now there are others that really need your help!” This inspired </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and he picked up his sword and fought like he has never fought before. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The battle was epic and lasted hours. At the point when the military thought they finally won they heard a crashing of what sounded like trees. They looked to the outskirts of town and saw the woods shifting back and forth. Unknown to the town’s heroes a cultist released a dam and the river was heading straight for this town. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Crash! The waves hit the outskirts of town. The water was taller than any of the walls. The townsfolk ran for high ground, but many didn’t make it. People inside buildings had a slim chance of survival. If the building made it, they could try and make it towards the upper floors. But if the building didn’t survive the initial hit, those inside were lost. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Livia, a human female, made it out of a window on top of a building. The water was reaching her ankles. She started screaming for her son and husband. “</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">! Isaac! </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">! Isaac!” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> made it over to her in the nick of time. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was already planning on heading over to the building with his mother inside the moment the water hit. She was lucky the building didn’t give. They were not lucky for long. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The building, along with the rest of town, gave and everyone got swept away with town. It was a dangerous ride, and there were very few survivors. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was able to hang on to his mother long enough for them to make it out. They finally stopped being pulled by the rushing wave and landed on a hill. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> holding onto his, still alive, mother. Thankful he didn’t lose everyone. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">After this attack the cults left the rest of town to their destruction. The rain finally stopped, but it was almost a week before they could even return to town. Nothing was left. There were floating people, animals, beast, and buildings. The air and water cult took everything from them. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The town buried the bodies and said their prayers. Talin approached </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and said, “You are a good fighter. We really could use someone like you.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> never really put much thought into the military before. “We need to put an end to these cultist before more towns end up like yours.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and his mother were standing over his father’s (her husbands) grave. “Mom, I need to do something. I can’t let this happen to others. I can’t let them get away with this.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Livia knew she would never be able to talk her son out of this. Once </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> has made up his mind there was no stopping him. He reminded her of his father in that way. “Son,” Livia started, “Your father would be proud of you for what you’re going to do. He would ask you to think about one thing. Is your reason for this for others or yourself?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> started to speak up but Livia stopped him, “This isn’t for me. This is for you to think about. I don’t need your answer. Only you do.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Livia had family in a nearby village. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and Talin took her there to get her settled in. They stayed a couple days to make sure she had everything she needed and it was also nice to rest up a little before their journey. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Jump ahead a few years. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> has settled in with the {Need name for Army} they were a special group of heroes that were seeking out cults that were destroying their world. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> fit in nicely with this group. They traveled and found many cult camps and created an end to them.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> best friend was Talin. Talin worked with </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> everyday as they were traveling to meet up with his military group. Talin was an excellent fighter. Years ahead of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> knew he could learn so much from him. Talin enjoyed teaching him. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was a quick learner, and having a friend to talk to made military life a lot easier.  </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Once day </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was out taking a piss when a little light flew by him quickly. Then again. And again. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> quickly wrapped up what he was doing and grabbed his sword (the other one) and readied himself. A little blue fairy landed on his sword and looked at him curiously. “What is your name? Mine is Leaf.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Leaf became friends with both </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and Talin. The fairy taught </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> how to cook. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> found he had a real talent at this. The Fairy would basically tell him what to do and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> would do it. Eventually they would have discussions about different types of foods and flavors. They experimented with different types of seasonings, meats, vegetables, and more. It was an awesome friendship. Talin found it amusing when everyone would be thanking </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> for the excellent meal, and he could see Leaf hiding under his chef’s hat. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">It was almost comical to watch them cook. “You’re stirring the wrong way. You must stir counter clockwise 3 times, clockwise once.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">“What does it matter?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> would ask.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">“Who is the master here?” Leaf would reply. Then would do something like bat a salt shaker out of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> hands. “Always test your ingredients! Sight, color, smell, taste, then pour.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Wherever the army went Leaf would come along. No one in the army knew about Leaf, except of course Talin and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. Leaf made them both promise to keep him a secret. When people found fairies they would try and catch them and make them do things. Leaf talked about how he was captured before. People that try to catch fairies make them promise to do as they wish and fairies after making this promise must do it. It is no way to live. Leaf never wishes to be in that kind of servitude again. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">On a night that </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> will never forget. He was preparing dinner for his mates, tomorrow there were plans of a big raid. The found a temple of a powerful air mage. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> also knew they were near a well-known fishing river. He knew Leaf would return in a couple hours. Leaf would leave them every now and then when he knew he was near family. This was one of the benefits Leaf saw when going with </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and Talin. He could travel safely to see others of his kind. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> knew if he could finish up with serving dinner Talin, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, and Leaf could sneak off and go fishing. Except that never happened. Everyone got sick. Everyone in the camp.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">It happened so quickly. They just started throwing up, coughing, and foaming at the mouth. They all died. The worst was Talin. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> ran up to him and held him as he was fading away. The last thing Talin asked him was &quot;why?&quot; 'Why?' is right, but also 'How?'. What killed them? </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> knew he didn't put anything bad in the soup, but why was he the only one not affected? He ran back to the cooking corner. He started checking his ingredients and grabbed the nutmeg. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The label slid off. It wasn't nutmeg, but nightshade. He poured a little out on the counter. He looked at it, he checked the color, he smelled it, he took the smallest taste, and he quickly spit it out. It was nightshade, or at least </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was 99% sure it was. He looked around the camp. Everyone was dead and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was the only one left alive. It would take a long time for </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> to forgive himself of this. To this day he hasn’t. ‘Why didn’t I check the ingredients?’ he thought. Then he started thinking that he is in danger here. He then thought, ‘I need to get out of here.’ He grabbed his things and packed up and ran. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">It wasn't till about 10 hours later that he realized he forgot something. Leaf! He forgot to meet with Leaf. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> thought 'I can't go back now.' and said aloud &quot;Goodbye my friend. Goodbye to the both of you.&quot;</span>
      </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_157.xhtml">Tyelknowle Backstory</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_143.xhtml">Character Backstories</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">Next</td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>