<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 27</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_165">Game 27</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Game Day</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Game Date: </span>
        <span class="contents ">04/28/2018</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">TLDR</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a> was attacked. Air Cult, used <a href="Topic_168.xhtml">Devastation Orbs</a>. People died. Heroes saved the day.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> returned. </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Detailed Entry</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> has still been missing for a while now. The heroes want to go look for him, but <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> suggest that they don’t know how to cure him. After some conversations it was decided that Leo, <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>, and <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> would go to the library and start researching.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> decided to hit the streets to see if he could find any leads as to where <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> may be. <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> ran into <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a> pushing his pickle cart sporting a shiny badge that read deputy. The streets are crowded the market is full. <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> says hello to <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a> and learns why there are so many people. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a> has gotten some notoriety due to the <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">Heroes of Red Larch</a> living there. <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> has noticed that the town has had more visitors, but didn’t really put it together that the visitors may be there for them. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a> also mentions his sister is coming to visit. Grunds family never visits, they also don’t live too far from <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>. It is kind of clear Grunds family doesn’t want to make the effort. <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a> also tells <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> a story about the rumors he has heard about <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> and how he is a cursed beast now. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">After the conversation had ended, <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> starts to walk away when he hears <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a> say “Hey! What is that? What do you have?” <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>, being a little curious starts to make his way back to where <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a> is. It is hard to see through the crowded streets. <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> pushes through a group of people when a loud burst of energy explodes out of an orb and <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> gets knocked to the ground. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">It hurt, like an uppercut from a god hurt. Grimbles ears were ringing, He was a little daized from the blow, but he quickly snapped out of it. This Orb killed many. If there wasn’t so many people in the way, <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> may have even been dead as well. <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> got up to check on the crowd, but most of them were gone. <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>, was wounded badly, but alive. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">All around them was an intense hurricane. It was very dangerous to stay outside. <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> got <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a> and anyone else alive inside <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">9 Hammers and a Keg Brewery</a>. <a href="Topic_29.xhtml">Grinarv</a> saw them coming up the way and ran out to help. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Leokus, <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>, and <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> take cover, and communicate with each other. They decided this wasn’t a natural storm and they should go out to help the town’s people. Once outside they heard cries and screams all over town so they decided it was best to split up. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Leokus found <a href="Topic_31.xhtml">Marielye</a> (the waitress from the bar that commonly serves the heroes) outside. She was having a tough time getting to shelter. On his way to assist his shield got ripped out of his arm and went flying towards her. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">It missed, but imbedded itself in an open door down the street. Leokus got <a href="Topic_31.xhtml">Marielye</a> into the <a href="Topic_30.xhtml">Helm at Highsun</a> where he saw many other people escaping the storm. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> saw <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> and her fox darting across the way heading towards <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a>’s shop, Vallivoe’s Sundries. Looking over at the shop he could see there was a massive tornado full of junk picked up from <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a>’s shop. He had to make a decision to help and <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> muttered to himself and finally ran out the door. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">He got over to the shop as part of the building was coming apart. He saw <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> grab <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a> and she pointed at 4 children in the corner. These were the Tarnlar children. Maegla and Halvur Tarnlar are clothiers right next to the <a href="Topic_30.xhtml">Helm at Highsun</a>. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> scooped up the little one and the next oldest jumped on his back and they went running out of the shop as the tornado started swooping it up. He got them up the road to the Butcher’s shop which is a stone building. Dropping them off, he could see <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> charging up the street. He screamed his name, but <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> couldn’t hear him over the wind. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> came journeying back to <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>. When he got close he saw a storm appear over the city. It was a magical storm and it was very destructive. <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> thought about all the people in that city and went running. In the city <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> ran into <a href="Topic_114.xhtml">Stannor</a> who was having trouble with his horse. <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> grabbed two and helped get them into shelter. While trying <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> was hit with a flying wagon. <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>’s had to cool his rage, and once he did he was able to get the horses into safety. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">He went running out into the streets looking for more people he could help, and that is when he saw the air cultist. <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> didn’t think about it. He charged them started fighting. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Leokus ran back out for his Sheild and he saw a man pinned having a beam from a building going threw him. Leo got in there and realized it was <a href="Topic_34.xhtml">Brother Eardon</a>. He told Eardon, this was going to hurt, but to hang on. He braced the beam so when it would lift it would fling Eardon off. This was extremely painful, and if it wasn’t for magic (some questionable), Eardon would most certainly be dead. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Once Leokus got <a href="Topic_34.xhtml">Brother Eardon</a> healed using the blessing from his god, they went outside to seek better shelter. This is when Leokus saw <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> go run past two buildings in front of him. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">They were heading that way anyway, but once they got out there they saw <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> was engaging into a fight with the <a href="Topic_199.xhtml">Cult of the Howling Hatred</a>. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>, <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>, and Leokus came together to start fighting them. They started dropping a few of them when they were attacked with a second wave. <a href="Topic_34.xhtml">Brother Eardon</a> started to help. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_34.xhtml">Brother Eardon</a> reached his magic which was a black icky goo down into the ground and the fallen cult members stood up and started aiding the <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">Heroes of Red Larch</a>. Once more would drop, Eardon would raise more. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">After the fight they all sought shelter. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">After the storm ended, <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a> raised the dead and took them off for burial. The heroes collected pieces of the orb and started researching it. They also assisted in cleanup and helping gathering people in the town that was not so lucky. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Back at the tavern they were discussing the orb and found a book that explained what it is. While looking at the book, <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a> walks by and points out that he has seen one of those (pointing to the picture in the book). It was red in Yartar.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The heroes discuss that they need to get up there. They also need someone to help navigate the black-market. They send word to Waterdeep for <a href="Topic_212.xhtml">Teria</a> and <a href="Topic_218.xhtml">Sesa</a>. Hopefully they will be able to help.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">They also got into an uncomfortable conversation with <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> about what he has become and talk to him about curing him.  Leokus went to go get another beer, <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> whispered to her fox and ran and jumped through a wall, and <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> read something in a book and went running out of the tavern. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_88.xhtml">Game 12&amp;13</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_87.xhtml">Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_166.xhtml">Game 23 - 26</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>