<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 30 (with a note about 29)</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_177">Game 30 (with a note about 29)</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Game Day</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Game Date: </span>
        <span class="contents ">08/25/2018</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Down into the Howling Caves</p>
      <h2 class="section1">Detailed Entry</h2>
      <p class="contents ">In our last story the heroes explored the <a href="Topic_169.xhtml">Fane of the Eye</a>. This is on a plane that is in-between the 4 elemental planes. The heroes learned the Elemental Evil is destroying the elemental planes. The stronger he becomes the more his magic will over power the elemental’s magic. The heroes met some lizard folk, fought some rust monsters, got lured by harpies, and almost got into it with a grell (a floating brain with a beak). They came across a deep pit and remembering the riddle, they traveled into here first. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle33">There are four brothers in this world that were all born together:</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle33">The first sings a song that is never good,</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle33">The second runs and never wearies,</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle33">The third drinks and is ever thirsty,</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle33">And the fourth eats and is never full.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">They repelled down for what felt like an eternity. When they finally hit the bottom, it was pitch black. Everyone but <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> could see. Leo prayed for light on his weapon to help him navigate the caves. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The first room they came to they noticed a lot of dead bodies on the ground. The only sound in the room was wind coming form 3 fissures in the wall. Once <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> stepped in he feel to his knees. The air was sucked out of his lungs. He crawled back and finally caught his breath. <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> summoned her earth hand to go into the room and grab the only thing of value which appeared to be a dead drow and bring her out. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">She had some neat things on her. She had a scroll, two ruby daggers, and armor. After looting her the heroes traveled further into the cave. They pasted a chasm that stormed. In it, about 10 feet down, they could see storm clouds and lightning that traveled through it. The next room they came to was cold.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">It was about 30 degrees below zero cold. It is really hard to walk through this room. In the middle there was a pond that is completely iced over. In the pond is a medium creature floating around 10+ feet below the surface. Once everyone got in there <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> took the hardest hit from the cold. He also noticed the creature, and looking closer he could see it was a human body that looks boiled. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">At this time they could feel the room getting warmer. The ice started melting at a rapid rate. By the time they just leaped out of the room the pond started boiling. Sitting in the next room the heroes <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> and <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> put together this cave belongs to the elemental evil god <a href="Topic_176.xhtml">Yan-C-Bin</a>. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle28">{Flashback}</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">The <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">heroes of Red Larch</a> are sitting in the <a href="Topic_30.xhtml">Helm at Highsun</a>. This was in the time after <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> had a vision and saw the four leaders of the cults. They listened to <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> read from the book he received from the Bard <a href="Topic_209.xhtml">Bellamir</a>. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“<a href="Topic_63.xhtml">The 4 cults</a> of Earth, Fire, Wind, and Water worship <a href="Topic_22.xhtml">the Evil Eye</a> known as the Elemental Evil, but the god of the cursed elements has bestowed his will onto four others. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle85">
          <a href="Topic_173.xhtml">Ogremoch</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle85">, The Prince of Evil Earth</span>: A creature from the Plane of Earth became a lesser god to lead the Earth Cults into a path to serve the Elemental Evil. <a href="Topic_173.xhtml">Ogremoch</a> was the first to come to Faerun. Stories cannot pinpoint when, but it has been for more years than some elves remember.  As all creatures of the rock do, he laid in wait for the world to come to him. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">A very powerful and rich man by the name of <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a> Urnrayle built a castle on the land <a href="Topic_173.xhtml">Ogremoch</a> watched over. <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a> began life as a human aristocrat, born into a wealthy Cormyrean family. He squandered his family’s wealth on endless self-indulgence, seeking more questionable forms of entertainment through the years. The Urnrayle estate became known as a place of outrageous masquerades, bizarre banquets, and grotesque orgies. <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a> required his guests to don ugly or monstrous masks, thus ensuring that no one’s beauty would outshine his own.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">As he began to age <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a>’ beauty began to fade. <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a> saw movement out his castle’s window and when he looked he saw nothing but a very large hill. ‘I could have sworn that hill was only visible out the other window over there…’ He took his horse and road up to the hill ‘Did my eyes deceive me or does my beauty move mountains?’ he jokingly asked to the hill. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">As he was about to leave he heard a deep rumble ‘your beauty fades with time. Your people grow fewer. Soon you will be more attached to the earth than I.’ <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a> fell off his horse and his horse took off running back to the castle. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">‘who?... who said that?’ <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a> asked looking around for someone. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The hill stood up and rose to great hights, ‘I have a gift for you.’ A ring came rolling off of the side of <a href="Topic_173.xhtml">Ogremoch</a> body and landed at <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a>’ feet. ‘Wear this and your followers will stay with you forever.’</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a> put on the ring and walked up to the nearby lake. His reflection was young again. His beauty fully returned. Along with it his followers came back and <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a>’ life went back to the way he loved it. <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a> is vain and cruel, an extreme narcissist who delights in surrounding himself with objects of beauty and luxurious comforts. He had many wives and husbands for he loved beauty. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Over the years he became quick to anger and jealousy. When he caught one of his wives sleeping with one of his husbands he lashed out, grabbed the bed by the post, and snapped it in half. The lovers froze and slammed to the floor and made a thump much louder than expected. When <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a> looked at them they were solid stone that is when he heard the hissing in his hair. He knew what he finally become. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle85">
          <a href="Topic_174.xhtml">Olhydra</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle85">, the princess of Evil Water:</span> When she was blessed with the power of the Elemental Evil she came to Faerun to see for herself what followers she would prefer. The first people she saw was a fishermen’s boat.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">On board there was a boy. He was the son of an abusive father. His father would cut him, punch him, and he would instruct his crew to help ‘make a man’ out of his son and they would do the same. He would throw his son overboard during storms to make him strong and learn to swim the sea. He would lock his son in a box when he would find him playing. He took his child’s shoes on hot days and the boy would have to burn his feet trying to make his way across the boat. The boy hated life and hated everyone in the world, for life on the boat was all he knew.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">One day the boat was attacked by pirates. <a href="Topic_174.xhtml">Olhydra</a> looked down and saw the boy holding a knife pointedly at one of the pirates. The pirate threw him overboard and <a href="Topic_174.xhtml">Olhydra</a> caught him. ‘You will be my prince.’ She said to him. ‘I shall name you <a href="Topic_202.xhtml">Gar</a>.’ When she splashed <a href="Topic_202.xhtml">Gar</a> back onto the fisherman’s boat his father and the crew had been killed. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The pirates turned to this boy and the one that threw him over came walking up to him laughing ‘Boy! You are a stubborn fellow. You would do fine on my crew.’ The child shook his head and attacked. With the full power of <a href="Topic_174.xhtml">Olhydra</a> behind him the captain never stood a chance and dropped quicker than anyone would believe. He turned to the rest of the men and said in a wavy voice ‘You follow us now!’ </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Over the years <a href="Topic_202.xhtml">Gar</a> devoted himself to the ocean, learning its secrets and powerful water magic. He loved his crew and taught many of them water tricks. He despised any that were not his crew, remembering only his harsh treatment by the merchant crew. But in time he became aware of a call to a higher purpose, impelling him to find other examples of human flotsam and teach them about the power of the sea.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_202.xhtml">Gar</a>’s visions led him to the secret waters beneath the Sumber Hills. He found a hidden cavern temple, on whose altar lay a powerful magical trident. Sensing its power, <a href="Topic_202.xhtml">Gar</a> took up the weapon and began to call his cult to join him in the Temple of the Crushing Wave.​</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle85">
          <a href="Topic_175.xhtml">Imix</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle85">, the Prince of Evil Flame:</span> On the Plain of Burnt Dreams, an island in the Blazing Sea of the Elemental Plane of Fire, rose a volcano. Inside was the Temple of Ultimate Consumption, a pyramid surrounded by volcanic rock in the middle of a lake of fire. <a href="Topic_175.xhtml">Imix</a> was approached by <a href="Topic_22.xhtml">the Evil Eye</a> and he fought to cast it out of his temple. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The Eye defeated him with one blow and <a href="Topic_175.xhtml">Imix</a> bowed his head for the first time to a higher power. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">​Vanifer was born and raised in the crushing poverty of Calimport’s poorest quarters, armed with only her cunning intelligence. In her youth, she learned to dance for coin and slowly worked her way up from the wine sinks of the laborers’ districts to the elegant chambers of the city’s nobles. She mastered minor fire magic to distinguish herself from other dancers and incorporated flame into her routine. Her talents grew, and soon she caught the eye of a pasha and became his concubine. But even as she enjoyed the gifts he lavished on her, <a href="Topic_204.xhtml">Vanifer</a> hated the pasha for seeing her as a mere trophy. She left before long, robbing the pasha of a small fortune in jewelry and setting fire to his palace.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_175.xhtml">Imix</a> first saw <a href="Topic_204.xhtml">Vanifer</a> when she was practicing her fire dancing. She was the first mortal to truly understand the way of the flame. He wanted her. He whispered in her ear and taught her things. She fell in love with the power that he gave and she gave herself to him. <a href="Topic_175.xhtml">Imix</a> took her and changed her that very night. Upon taking her their embrace started a flame of legion. Not only did <a href="Topic_204.xhtml">Vanifer</a> lose all her worldly possessions, the whole city block went up in flames that night. <a href="Topic_204.xhtml">Vanifer</a> became one with the flame. She and her husband <a href="Topic_175.xhtml">Imix</a> traveled to Baldur’s Gate in the poor neighborhood known as Little Calimshan.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">There she opened a school of dance. Her gift for fire attracted other sorts of students. She became the leader of a cult of fire worshipers. There she remained for many years, until dreams and visions impelled her to seek out a lost dungeon in the North. On the altar of a forgotten temple she found the dagger <a href="Topic_205.xhtml">Tinderstrike</a>. Armed with this powerful weapon, <a href="Topic_204.xhtml">Vanifer</a> resolved to establish a new chapter of her cult beneath the Sumber Hills.​</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle85">
          <a href="Topic_176.xhtml">Yan-C-Bin</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle85">, the Prince of Evil Air</span>: <a href="Topic_176.xhtml">Yan-C-Bin</a> commonly appeared to his followers as a tall, thin, elderly humanoid with long hair flowing in the wind. His true form was akin to a tornado. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_176.xhtml">Yan-C-Bin</a> was a being of great wisdom and pure malice. His plans began at the forging of the world. The most subtle of the Princes, he operated unseen and studied his foes from afar, attacking swiftly and vanishing before they could strike back. He cared nothing for those that worshiped him as a god or offered him prayer and sacrifice. All he cared about was seeing realm after realm torn apart by winds.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The Elemental Evil took notice of <a href="Topic_176.xhtml">Yan-C-Bin</a> and offered him power. <a href="Topic_176.xhtml">Yan-C-Bin</a> wanted nothing to do with it as he was fine on his own. But then <a href="Topic_22.xhtml">the Evil Eye</a> saw into his soul and offered him other beings of power couldn’t, the power to destroy <a href="Topic_173.xhtml">Ogremoch</a>. ‘As the wind you will finally be able to move the mountain.’ </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Over the years <a href="Topic_176.xhtml">Yan-C-Bin</a> looked to <a href="Topic_22.xhtml">The Evil Eye</a> as a father. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">​Aerisi grew up in an enchanted castle in a remote part of Faerie, surrounded by tales, histories, and tomes of magic. She passed her early years playing games, practicing enchantments, and imagining herself as one of the avariel (winged elves) from her storybooks. Her parents sheltered her from the conflicts of Faerun, and she came of age with a tender and fragile disposition.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Eventually her parents decided it was time for their daughter to engage in elven society, and they brought her to the hidden city of Evereska. Her parents then realized their grave mistake. In pampering and sheltering their daughter, they had raised not a young lady but a spoiled child. Accustomed to having all she desired, the princess erupted into tantrums whenever she was denied her slightest whim, and the moon elves of Evereska could hardly endure her. This is when <a href="Topic_176.xhtml">Yan-C-Bin</a> took notice on the child.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_60.xhtml">Aerisi</a> felt powerless among the moon elves. Although she had become a skilled enchanter in Faerie, her people were resistant to such charms. In her dreams she began to envision herself as one of the winged elves from her storybooks. She wished to control the wind and go wherever she liked, and to punish those who offended her. The childlike fantasies of her youth became dark visions where she ruled the storms and the air itself. She dreamed of an old mystic with brown skin and white hair, who promised to teach her all she desired to know—a vision of <a href="Topic_176.xhtml">Yan-C-Bin</a>, the Prince of Evil Air. <a href="Topic_60.xhtml">Aerisi</a> turned her study to elemental air, learning the secret of flight and escaping Evereska to follow the deluded visions of her dreams.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_60.xhtml">Aerisi</a>’s visions led her to a strange altar in a cavern beneath the Sumber Hills, where she acquired the spear <a href="Topic_206.xhtml">Windvane</a>. Driven by <a href="Topic_176.xhtml">Yan-C-Bin</a>, she dubbed herself a queen and set out to find followers to rule. Her enchantments helped fill the ranks of the <a href="Topic_199.xhtml">Cult of the Howling Hatred</a> with initiates hopelessly devoted to her.​</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> places the book down and looks to his friends. This is what we’re up against. I thought these were just stories, but now that <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> describes the people he saw in his visions, I don’t that anymore. </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle28">{End Flashback}</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> scouted ahead and came into a room where he heard a “whoosh, splat, whoosh, splat”. Looking into the room he could see an air elemental with body parts floating inside him and splatters of gore all around the room. In the middle of the room there is a large hole that extends further up than any he could see. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The next room <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> walked into and he could hear a familiar voice that he had not heard for a long time. “Son? Is that you? I waited for you. Where did you go?” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">When other entered the room:</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>: “Granddaughter? Oh I have missed you. Come home. Give up this task.&quot;</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>: “You will never be a mantel of Grom. You will never hold the axe or the hammer. You will never be good enough.”</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>: “Why did you tell them where we were? Why did you leave us to die? You could have helped. With you there we could have lived.”</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_136.xhtml">Odert</a>: He responds in <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>’s head “Princess? Princess? Is that you?”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Looking around the room, the heroes couldn’t figure out where the sounds were coming from. Traveling on to the next room. They saw someone. The wind would collide and an image of someone was standing there.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>: Tyria</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>: A training buddy from his past.</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>: <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>: The woman who branded him.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The next room they came to they were attacked by Svirfneblin Spirits. The room looks like where they tested the first model of the Devastation Orb. The angry specters were what was left in the room. After putting them to rest they moved on to the next room.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">In here there was a nycaloth. This ugly creature was torturing others hanging from the ceiling by their feet. In that group there is a Dark Elf, an aarakocra, and two humans. After <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> updated the group what was in there, they ran in for the attack. This creature was tricky. He threw darkness over the group and started attacking <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>. Leo, pulled out an item he had been hanging on to for quite some time, the (blah). After releasing it and saying a little prayer the room lit up. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Leo could tell that the creature was surprised. He swung and hit Leo and teleported. <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> ran up and started attacking the creature as soon as he reappeared. The creatures trying to get away and get a couple good swings in teleports again. He was blasted with magic missiles from <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>’s wand, struck hard by Gimbles axe, bashed with <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> mace, and brought down by <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>’s fist. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">After the fight they untied the aarakocra and let him go, but the drow <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> put down. “They are evil, their kind hunt and kill dwarfs, he has killed many, and if we let him go… he will kill many more. It is a mercy really.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The heroes needed a rest. Leo did a powerful group heal before they began their long rest. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_172.xhtml">Game 28.1</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_87.xhtml">Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_188.xhtml">Game 19</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>