<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Grimble Collaborative Adventure</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_149">Grimble Collaborative Adventure</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Stories</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Heroes:: </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents ">, </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents ">, </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle12">During one of his first adventures after leaving his mountain home, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle12"> was traveling to the city of Waterdeep where he might learn of any threats or conspiracies that may pose a threat to his clan or his Dwarven way of life. On the road to Waterdeep he encountered a human merchant being harassed by a small band of brigands. The brigands appeared to be ill-equipped, only having small knives and a single light crossbow amongst them. While this seemingly posed no threat to the Dwarves (there were only three of them), </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle12"> was bored from travelling and eagerly inserted himself into proceedings.</span>
        <br/>
        <br/>“Me-thinks you babbling, lice-ridden, kobold spawn should press on somewhere else or ye’ll be picking yer arses off the ground.” <br/>
        <br/>The ruffians, thinking they were being addressed by another human, spun around with hatred in their eyes, but when they were confronted by a sturdy dwarf in armor carrying a large hammer the fire in their eyes went out and their faces paled. Even with their superior numbers and a crossbow, they immediately knew they were out-classed and had little chance of coming out a fight without any permanent damage. To <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>’s great disappointment, the bandits retreated down the road a little way before disappearing into the surrounding foliage with great haste. The merchant, thrilled beyond measure with how things worked out, begged <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> to accompany him to Waterdeep and offered a large sum of money for protection. <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> declined the pay, but agreed to accompany the merchant on his way…besides, he was tired of walking and welcomed the opportunity to ride on the wagon. As they traveled and spoke, <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> learned that the merchant was on his way to Waterdeep to sell arms and armor. His wares were stored in locked, iron-bound trunks in the wagon. The merchant, eager to please his savior, boasted that his wares were of the finest Dwarven make. Suspicious, <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> proceeded to ask him questions concerning his wares, such as who the armorer was, from what clan did he hail, and how he came by these items. The merchant wasn’t an overly smart man and was unable to provide any decent answer to many of the questions posed by <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>. Believing the merchant was either a liar or a thief, <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> became angry and was loosening his hammer from its thong when a voice called out from in front of the stopped wagon. <br/>
        <br/>“Hello, good Sirs! What takes thee to Waterdeep?”<br/>
        <br/>Looking, <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> saw a knife-eared elf (<a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>) standing before them, hands on his hips and a wry smile on his face.</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle40"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle94">The caravan driver slowed to a stop eyeing the elf suspiciously.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle45">
        <br/>&quot;Do I know you elf?&quot; He asked, his tone suggesting he did.</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle45">
        <span class="rwStyle94">&quot;I doubt it. I was traveling from Silverymoon to Cormyr by way of Waterdeep but my horse and supplies disappeared, likely stolen I'm sad to say. I have been walking the last day or so hoping to meet a friendly caravan to wagon. I have a few silver still, but can pay more once I get to Waterdeep. I have contacts there.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle45">
        <span class="rwStyle94">&quot;Why were you traveling that way? Are you some merchant?&quot; The driver's eyes lit up at the sound of money. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle94"> thought about the story, which sounded pathetic, and decided it was well rehearsed. He couldn't see any flaws in it, but the elf deserved more watching, being an elf and all. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle45">
        <span class="rwStyle94">The driver took 7 silver and agreed to 2 more gold and agreed to share his meals. They had 2 more nights travel by wagon. The elf hopped in the back and proceeded to doze off. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle94"> now had to watch two people. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle45">
        <span class="rwStyle94">The conversation died down among them till that night when they discussed keeping watch. The elf offered to keep middle watch and the driver said he was an early riser to he would keep third watch. This left </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle94"> with first watch. That didn't sit too well with him, but he had no real good reason to argue. After a lite supper the other two bedded down. Just about midnight </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle94"> woke up the elf. In the fire light something seemed different about him. He was no longer as light skinned or slim built, even his hair seemed to change in color and length.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle45">
        <span class="rwStyle94">&quot;My friend, I assume by your holy symbol that you are a man of faith. I am a faithful of Tymora.&quot; The elf moved closer and whispered, &quot;I have been tracking a threat to travelers to this road. What I've been able to discern is that a merchant has been traveling this road and kidnapping people. Anyone from bandits to travelers. And in groups smaller than 4. I'm not sure how he does it, and my contacts say it is a single person in a wagon with a heavy load. I've been waiting for 6 days and I've seen this wagon pass twice before both times with a different passenger. You are the third. I disguised myself so he didn't recognize me. Please, you must help me. I don't know how he does it or where he takes them, but there is something strange here.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle45">
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle94"> could tell this was more truth than the elf had spoken since they met. It did explain the mans strange answers but the story seemed crazy. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle45">
        <span class="rwStyle94">&quot;How do I know YOU aren't the threat?&quot; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle94"> asked loosing his weapon.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle45">
        <span class="rwStyle94">&quot;For one, why would I tell you the story when I could have simply waited for you to sleep? Second, if you can conceive of a way to test me, I will submit, but I beg you keep it quite. We must act before he knows.&quot; The elf seemed genuinely concerned, but that could be for any number of reasons. Grimbly was a dwarf of action and this bespoke subterfuge. The elf, taller and darker skinned then any elf </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle94"> had seen (but not as dark as a Drow) was keeping a steady eye on the merchant who seemed to be snoring away. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle45">
        <span class="rwStyle94">&quot;I don't know what you expect or why, but I'm willing to wake up before you wake the merchant. Than I'll keep a secret watch to see what he does. I warn you, DON'T cross me.&quot; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle94"> found the whole affair distasteful but something about the elf's concern and the merchant's strange mannerisms had him on edge. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle45">
        <span class="rwStyle94">&quot;Fair enough. I will trust you friend. I am </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle94">, but you may call me Ty for short. If something does happen to me and you survive, please let anyone at the temple of Tymora in Waterdeep know what happened.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle45">
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle94"> had a hard time going back to sleep, but he must of because Ty was gently shaking him awake again. The elf had his finger to his lips in a sign of silence. Gimble narrowed his eyes then adjusted himself so he could keep a better, more secretive watch on the merchant, and Ty (just in case). He muttered as Ty chanted some words holding his holy symbol and he seemed to flow back into the same elf they had met on the road. He then woke the merchant, keeping </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle94"> behind him making it easier for </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle94"> to watch unnoticed.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle45">
        <span class="rwStyle94">&quot;Thank you good elf. If you are interested, I have some wares. I was going to share them with the dwarf but he is uninterested in elven weapons and armor. I would be happy to show you.&quot; The merchant moved quietly towards the wagon. Elf ware? What was this merchant playing at, did he suspect people would be so dumb as to not tell where good equipment came from?</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle45">
        <span class="rwStyle94">&quot;Thank you but no. I'm afraid I couldn't carry anything and you know I have little money currently.&quot; The elf seemed a little taken aback but the merchant had moved to one of the locked boxes. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle45">
        <span class="rwStyle94">&quot;Nonsense, come take a peak. Even if you can't afford it now perhaps it will wet your appetite.&quot; The merchants words sounded strange and his shadow seemed a little more bulky than he recalled. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle45">
        <span class="rwStyle94">&quot;Oops, it looks like a couple of my chest have been opened. What will I do?&quot; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle94"> was sure something was amiss, but he didn't know what. He kept his head down as Ty was making his way towards the fire. Ty suddenly drew a dagger and flung it at </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle94">… No, above him. He heard a hiss.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle94">&quot;Awake! We are being attacked!&quot; Ty was yelling and pulled two more daggers, seemingly from nowhere. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle94"> was already on his feet but he realized there was slithering all around the camp. A glance at the merchant showed he had opened another box making it three total. So, the elf had been right. Looks like he would owe him a drink, if the City of Bones had a tavern in it. The two stood back to back...</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle94"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle26">As Ty and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle51">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle26"> glanced back into the night they counted three mammoth serpents, long as a wagon and thicker than a dwarf's leg, circling the camp. One of the serpent had a nasty gash on its underside where Ty's dagger made purchase. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle51">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle26"> readied his shield with hammer poised above his head. A glint from Ty's hand sent two more daggers racing towards another serpent, finding home in its throat and face. As it reeled back in agony, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle51">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle26"> followed up with a titanic blow against its head, crushing its skull with ease.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle26"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle26">Quick as lightning, the other serpent struck a </span>
        <span class="rwStyle51">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle26"> but with his battle hardened prowess was at the ready with his shield to block the attack. Suddenly Ty could make out what could only be described as serpent speech coming from the Merchant, which seemed to be directing the serpents. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle21">(So my Harry Potter game had the players in the tavern. Now my DnD game has parseltongue.) </span>
        <span class="rwStyle26">As Ty focused more on the shadowy figure of the merchant he could notice that the Merchant seem to have grown and was covered in scaly patches.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle26"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle26">With another load crack, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle51">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle26"> sent another serpent to meet its fate. Without warning the Merchant lunged at Ty projecting a puff of noxious gas from his palm. Ty fell to a knee choking on the noxious gas trying not to succumb to it poisons effects. Out of the night came a harrowing battle cry; as a chain mail clad warrior came rushing into the camp masterfully spinning about his mass glaive. Seeing that the elf was in trouble the warrior placed himself between the Merchant and the elf.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle26"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle26">The Merchant, with a low grumble hiss, laughed as he drew his blades. He attacked with the wild fury of a whirling dervish. The warrior defend every slash, slice and stab that came at him returning with his own frantic strikes. Ty push through the poisons effect to join the fight with warrior and merchant. It seem like Ty and the warrior had fought together like train companions, dodging and weaving around each other while striking at the merchant. This combo was just too great for the merchant to take on, receiving cuts and stabs repeatedly.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle26"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle26">From behind </span>
        <span class="rwStyle51">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle26"> yells, “duck!” As Ty and the warrior do so, the three massive serpent goes flying over their head right into the merchant knocking him down to the ground. Without missing a beat Ty was right on the merchant with blade to his throat.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle26"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle26">&quot;Surrender or die&quot;, barked Ty. Knowing he was out matched, the merchant surrendered. After tying him up, Ty again fell to his knee trying to fight off the poison. The warrior said he can help and gave Ty an antitoxin vial.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle26"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle26">The warrior introduced him elf as </span>
        <span class="rwStyle51">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle26"> Creed. &quot;I was paid to patrol the trade roads to find the culprit or culprits responsible for kidnapping small groups of travelers. It was just dumb luck find you guys in time. All I had to go on was the ramblings of a woman who managed to get away.&quot; &quot;I would be more than willing to share the bounty with both of you.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_148.xhtml">Barikhol Collaborative Adventure</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_146.xhtml">Character Collaborative Adventures</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_150.xhtml">Rowena Collaborative Adventure</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>