<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Leokas and Rowena</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_195">Leokas and Rowena</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Stories</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> and <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">“I show up here thinking I've found another opportunity to do some good and spread the word of Pelor, and yet I've been here 3 days and nothing. Everything seems to be fine, nobody needs my help... so much for being a beacon of hope and champion for Pelor; at this rate I'll not have a single good deed to report back to <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a> when I see him next; whenever that might be. Guess  I'll continue on, maybe by the time I've reached home I'll have some good stories worth telling.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> packs his things, pays the innkeep for his lodging, and sets off out of town. Shortly after leaving the town “gates” (if they had them) he is passed by a young man sprinting quickly by.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“Geez kid, slow it down, you're young, no need to work so hard to stay in shape”</p>
      <p class="contents ">           </p>
      <p class="contents "> “Help! Somebody, please help!”  <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> turns around to see what's going on and sees the same kid that just blew past him moments ago, yelling in between gasped breaths, seeking help. By the time <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> walks back to the kid a few of the townspeople have already gathered around concerned.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“...she's dying, nothing we've tried is helping, please can't anybody help us?”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>: “whoa, whoa kid, catch your breath, and then start from the beginning”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">After hearing the kid out <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> treks out to the small homestead where the kids grandmother lives by herself with her few livestock, and not much else. He examined the woman and healed her as much as he could, but even his new found skills and magic wouldn't stop her from dying; he stabilized her and eased some of the pain, but he maybe bought her another month.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>: “I'm sorry kid, this is the best I can do for now, I'm currently at my limit with this, but I think I might be able to help further. I just need to get some help first in order to do so; I promise I'll try my best to hurry back here”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> sets out in search of further knowledge and understanding of this disease or curse.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents "> “I know I've heard mention of this somewhere, maybe if I can find a temple or library nearby I can figure out what this is, and how to fix it.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57">After to speaking to some of the locals, </span>
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        <span class="rwStyle57"> discovers that the </span>
        <a href="Topic_119.xhtml">Library of Loudwater</a>
        <span class="rwStyle57"> is nearby. A half day of walking leads him to worn but solid doors. There is a surprising amount of activity; staffers bustle about reshelving books, lead patrons to various areas of the library, and one of them appears to be cleaning a strange smelling substance off of the floor…</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57">Tentatively, </span>
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        <span class="rwStyle57"> approaches the front desk. An ancient looks gnomish woman sits on a high stool, scratching some words into the tome before her.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57">“Ahem...” </span>
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        <span class="rwStyle57"> coughs.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57">The pen stops scratching. The woman glances up, notices </span>
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        <span class="rwStyle57"> before her, then carefully sets the quill aside before pushing her cracked spectacles up her nose. “Yes?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57">“I am a cleric of &lt;deity&gt;. I’ve come looking for information about an illness. I was hoping I could discuss it with someone that may be able to further direct my research.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57">“Hmmm,” the old woman croaks. “What information do you have about it?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57">“Well, it’s affecting an elderly human just outside of </span>
        <a href="Topic_118.xhtml">Loudwater</a>
        <span class="rwStyle57">. Her grandson said she started feeling dizzy and seeing inexplicable visions. I’ve done what I could to stabilize her vitals, but I’m afraid I’ve never come across anything like this before.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57">“That’s not much to go on, sonny.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        <span class="rwStyle57">’ face falls.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57">“But, I’d recommend talking to </span>
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle57">. She may be able to help.” The librarian directs him to an upstairs workshop where he is likely to find her. The climb up the winding staircase is surprisingly taxing. As </span>
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        <span class="rwStyle57"> catches his breath, he notices the bookcases contain tomes with strange symbols etched into their spines. Not to be distracted from his mission, he finds the dark hallway hidden behind the mysterious tomes. Dancing light flickers beneath the door at the end. As he raises his hand to knock, the door silently swings open, and </span>
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        <span class="rwStyle57"> hesitantly looks inside.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57">“Oh hello,” a chipper voice says. A unicorn stands in the corner of the room.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57">“Uhmm…” he begins, staring at the beast. Suddenly, the unicorn disappears. A smiling face appears around the door in front of him.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57">“Oh, you look grim. Why sad? Did you see that unicorn? She was beautiful, wasn’t she?” </span>
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        <span class="rwStyle57">’ eyes are drawn to the strange fox ears pointing out of the girl’s auburn hair. Noticing his stare, the girl quirks an eyebrow in the “my eyes are down here” manner. One of her ears twitches.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57">“The woman downstairs said I should ask you for information about a new illness I’ve seen…” </span>
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        <span class="rwStyle57"> regains his composure and iterates to her what he knows.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle57">“Hmm,” </span>
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle57"> muses. “I think I read something similar a book about planar poisoning before. Let’s go see if we can find it.” As </span>
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle57"> leads him out of the room, he notices a flump waving at them from a jar on her desk. She leads </span>
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        <span class="rwStyle57"> past the tomes with unintelligible symbols to the opposite side of the staircase, then reaches up and pulls down a book with dark blue binding. </span>
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        <span class="rwStyle57"> takes the book from her and opens it to begin reading, but the writing inside the book keeps shifting and moving, preventing it from being legible. “Huh,” says </span>
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        <span class="rwStyle57">. “That’s new.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;So, it's not just me then? These books aren't normally like this?&quot;</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;Nope, not when I read it last&quot; said <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;This is bizarre, I know I don't consider myself a learned man really, but I'm not a mindless oaf either; it's almost like when you try to read a book in a dream...&quot; </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">At that moment <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> feels a tiny flash of divine light in his subconscious and hears &quot;Wake up!, I don't believe I chose you to triumph my cause, simply to watch you flounder in your sleep!&quot; </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">I immediately snap awake and find myself in bed, rather sweaty and with a tremendous headache. Realizing that I'm still at my lodgings for the evening, I start to calm down but can't shake the nagging feeling that this wasn't just a random dream, that something wasn't quite right here. I get up, don my armor, and head off towards where the library was in my dream. Soon enough I find it, exactly where it should be, but being the middle of the night it takes a while and many raps of the knocker before someone answers the door.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;Excuse me, but the library is closed for the night, please do come back tomorrow&quot; says the attendant in her night gown, and proceeds to close the door; before she can get the door fully closed I jam my foot in the doorway. As she turns back around with that &quot;what do you think you're doing look&quot; I begin explaining what I just experienced, and asked her if there was someone named <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> that worked there. She said yes and now seeing on her face that she shared my concern she let me in and led me to the study up those same winding stairs with the same weird books. I let her knock on the door a few times with no answer before I push it open slowly and begin to pull my shield off my back just in case; when we find her face down sound asleep on a desk. The two of us gently walk over to her, while I eye the whole room, packed full of books, and half expecting to see that silly unicorn in the corner. The attendant tries to shake her awake, but nothing happens; I walk over and give it a slightly firmer try, and yet still nothing. I place my hand over the symbol of Pelor and focus for a moment, asking for his help, and then I lay my hands on <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> in an attempt to restore her back to her normal state.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">She slowly lifts her head blinking, and rubbing the sleep out of her eyes, looking a little confused.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">*Yawning* &quot;...Huh?... but....why am I here&quot; looking at the desk &quot;...we were.. just over there looking at a book, and it was acting rather bizarre...&quot;</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">I introduce myself, formally, and explain that we hadn't actually met just yet, not in person at least; &quot;..it seems we were both somehow stuck in the same dream together.&quot;</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">After a few more minutes of conversation and pondering over what just happened to the two of us, she leads me back over to the same book. Apprehensive I open it up, and thankfully this time the words aren't running around all over the place. We figure out what the ailment is, and what's required of me to cure it. I think both <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> and the attendant for their time, and I set off now that it's early morning, eager to gather the remaining components I need and get back to the old lady to ease her suffering.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Arriving at the cabin just a few days’ shy of the month prognosis I gave, I was happily pleased to find that she was still hanging on, if just barely, with her grandson at her side tending to her aid. Happy to see me back, he gladly helps me prepare the necessary items and luckily enough I was able to cure her of her malady. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Afterwards, I explain to the boy what was going on, and let him know to try and send word to me if anything like this happens again; and to keep an eye on his grandma, to see if she does anything strange, as this isn't a normal illness for someone to come across. We part ways and I settle back into my journey, all the while thinking about the strange girl with the furry ears.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_164.xhtml">Josephus Collaborative Adventure</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_146.xhtml">Character Collaborative Adventures</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">Next</td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>