<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Rowena Collaborative Adventure</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_150">Rowena Collaborative Adventure</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Stories</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Heroes:: </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents "> (Black and light blue), </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents "> (Blue), </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents "> (green), Storyteller (red)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle40"> kicked her feet lazily back and forth as they dangled inches above the gravelly road. The back of the wagon she sat in bumped along, jostling her lightly as the caravan sauntered slowly towards its next checkpoint. She casually brushed a displaced lock of her silvering hair behind her softly pointed ear, then pulled her pack into her lap to rummage around for something. Humming quietly to herself, she seemed to have found what she was looking for, but a sudden jolt caused her to drop it back in the pack; she barely caught herself from tumbling into the road. The wagon had stopped abruptly, the wheel having fallen into an inconspicuous rut which seemed to have cracked the axle. Shouts and curses arose from the front of the caravan as people wandered over to take a look at the damage.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle56"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle23">The clatter of horse's hooves and the shouts of men echoed almost as loudly as the thundering in </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle23">'s head. The last batch of ale had been potent enough that he felt as if an army of dwarves was working a forge inside his skull.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle23"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle23">As he opened his eyes, he found leaves closing in around him. &quot;Odd&quot; he thought, why had he woken up in a bush? The last thing he remembered was drinking his latest brew while walking towards town to resupply. Potent indeed.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle23"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle23">The sound of shouting and cursing grew louder, and finally </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle23"> could stand it no more. What were these people doing, running a caravan by his bush?! He crawled out from under the low hanging shrubs, and there was indeed a caravan. It looked like one of the wagons had broken down, and was leaning at an odd angle.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle23"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle23">He approached the caravan to see what the problem was, and approached a young elf maid. She told </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle23"> that the wagon had landed in a rut and something had snapped. Being a dwarf, and having the mechanical aptitude and craftiness of his race, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle23"> climbed under the wagon to take a look.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle23"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle23">The axle had broken in half, but only a part of the diameter was splintered. The other part had clean saw marks, which had served to weaken the axle. It was enough to get the wagon far from town on the rough roads before it splintered. Why would someone sabotage a wagon so it broke down in the wild? This was surely no day for a hangover.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle23"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle1"> had made excellent time </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">chasing after the caravan</span>
        <span class="rwStyle1"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle1"> knew he had to hurry</span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> if he was going to help stop </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> from making a terrible decision</span>
        <span class="rwStyle1">. Nicoli had been more than irate, a member of the Mud Blood</span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">,</span>
        <span class="rwStyle1"> working with common highwaymen was bad enough, but sabotaging wagons on the road was horrible business that would come back to haunt everyone. Too much attention, too many blatant robberies, too much death and we would be lucky if just local authorities showed up. More likely adventurers looking for a bounty or just loot and everyone on the road would be suspect and targets. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">Nicoli rammed this point into </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19"> and he knew she was right.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle9"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle1"> spotted the ambush from behind moving up the game trail. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle1"> would be down low ready to confuse the worst of the fighters. As a tiefling, she had a knack for magic and loved showing up more “muscle types” as she put it.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle9"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle1">The wagon had been stopped for only a couple of minutes and some dwarf had bent down to crawl underneath. The attack would happen soon, at the worst possible time. The young elf was less stealthy than normal. He ran the risk of being confused for one of the bandits, but he had to get… “NOW! Your goods or your lives!” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">a bandit cried out.</span>
        <span class="rwStyle1"> It was too late </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">Ty thought</span>
        <span class="rwStyle1">.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle9"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle1"> saw at least 20 men jump from both sides of the road. A gang that big had to hit a lot of targets or else not enough got paid and that meant internal fighting. It also meant they weren’t usually very well trained or else they would have simply relied on mercenary work, much more profitable and stable. He happened to be only a few feet from one of the archers so he slipped out his rapier and slipped it up the left side, just above the hip crossing to the upper right, puncturing at least one lung and all sorts of other organs that he was sure were needed. There was more yelling, muffled, the dwarf under the wagon hadn’t been surprised and maybe that was enough for the others to at least get a weapon out or run. Running was always better </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">in this situation</span>
        <span class="rwStyle1">. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle1"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle1">Ty couldn’t see clearly, so he moved closer to another waiting archer. This archer he stabbed just under the right lower ribs and up. Closer than he liked, but just as effective. The bandits were confident and thus not aware that two of their number had been dropped before the fight had truly started. There was always a few seconds where most bandits watched to see if their prey would fight or flee. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle1"> would not be good in a straight up fight, and his goal was the tiefling. He stabbed down the spine of a third bandit who looked ready to charge and found himself at the edge of the road. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle1"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle1">The targets had not ran, but they seemed a bit confused. There were at least two other people making a ruckus on the other side and nobody seemed sure what was happening. At the same time he spotted </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle1"> so did the dwarf (still under the wagon). </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">, seeing some of the caravans horses,</span>
        <span class="rwStyle1"> was not about to rob anyone but he had to get her out of here and quickly. Also, how much longer could he remain unseen by both sides? As long as he could stop his adopted sister, maybe they had someone </span>
        <span class="rwStyle75">he </span>
        <span class="rwStyle19">that </span>
        <span class="rwStyle1">could help stop all this, maybe; Damn his luck...</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> was preparing to cast one of her fog spells, which would have been the advantage the bandits needed to wipe out the caravan. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93">, seeing all of this encounter from under his wagon and yelled out “young elf maid, help him!” while nodding toward the rogue elf quietly taking out highwaymen and trying to make his way to the tiefling. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> threw his wrench at </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> breaking her concentration on the fog. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle54"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle56">Startled by a garbled cry of, “Now! You’re good for a prize!” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle56"> stepped out from behind the wagon to see several </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">highwaymen </span>
        <span class="rwStyle56">initiates charging at the caravan. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle6">Leading the charge was a bizarre looking… woman?</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle86">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle84">Oh, a tiefling. How interesting. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle6"> had time to muse, before throwing forward her arms to send a spell at the marauders and halt their attack.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle84">Sleep. Sleep sleep sleep sleep….</span>
        <span class="rwStyle6"> She bit her lip in concentration. Hadn’t quite gotten the hang of this one, yet…</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle32"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle35">Suddenly, a swarm of flumphs appeared around her. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle77">Oh. Not quite what I was going for…</span>
        <span class="rwStyle35"> The floating creatures scattered, fleeing in terror.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle56"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle56">Seeing a swarm of floating jellyfish creatures heading straight for them, the startled </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">highwaymen </span>
        <span class="rwStyle56">broke off their charge in confusion. “Someone has summoned demons from another plane!” When the lead flumph reached the bandits, it shot out a foul smelling spray, dousing the devilish looking woman in a disgusting smelling liquid. Several of her comrades began hacking and gagging. As they backed away from their fallen, fetid friend, the rest of the flumphs continued to rush past the bandits. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle6"> ran up to the downed bandit, who seemed to have been completely disoriented.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle84">Sleep! </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle6">’s thoughts raged, and the tiefling fell over, unconscious. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle56">’s gaze lifted from the woman laying at her feet to stare wistfully at the retreating pack of flumphs. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle84">Oh well. Maybe I’ll catch one next time…</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6">As </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle6"> bent down check the tiefling’s condition, she slowly realized that she was not alone. “You didn’t kill her. Thank you for that. She’s just… misguided,” said a man’s voice next to her. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle6"> looked up to see another highwaymen, his hand casually resting on the hilt of his sword.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6">“Well,” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle6"> said nervously, eyeing the man, “I try to make that more of a last resort…”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6">“The name is </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle6">.”</span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"/>
        <span class="rwStyle6">He began rummaging through his pack, searching for something.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6">                </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6">“</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle6">.” She responded, trying to peer at what he was looking for. “What are you doing…?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle6"> produced a rope from his pack and began tying up the tiefling. “Looking for this.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6">“Oh. I’m working on the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle84">incarcerous</span>
        <span class="rwStyle6"> spell. My grandmother told me a story and their wizards used it. It would have been pretty helpful right now.” Footsteps behind her caused </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle6"> to turn and miss the elf’s confused look.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6">“Ereything a’right here, lass?” the bush-dwarf growled.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6">“Yep! </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle6"> is tying up his buddy here. Who are you, by the by?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle6"> smiled.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6">“</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle6">. Charmed.” He said, eyeing over the elf.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6">“Well, then. Shall we get back to fixing that wheel?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6">“You’re just gonna let this devilwoman walk?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6">“Well, not exactly. She’ll be asleep for a bit longer, so I don’t think she’ll be walking anywhere…”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle6"> unsheathed his sword and stepped in front of the tiefling. “Please. Let me take her. My guild will ensure she meets just punishment.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle6">“Now now,” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle6"> hedged, “No need to swing that pointy thing around. And I don’t mean your ears. But you had better get going before the caravan leader finds you.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle26"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle93">As </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> gets up to take his sister out of here he whispers &quot;Thank you&quot; and turns around with his sisters arm over his shoulder starts heading towards the woods. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle93"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle93">Suddenly, a hand grabs his arm firmly and he spins around ready for whatever comes at him. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> was a little surprised to see </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> stopping him. &quot;Your sister is the cause of many people getting injured. If any of them died today she would not be leaving here. Promise me she will be properly dealt with.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle93"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> could see </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> was vacillating with her decision on letting them go. &quot;I will, promise.&quot; he told her. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle93"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> must have decided to believe him because she let them go.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_149.xhtml">Grimble Collaborative Adventure</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_146.xhtml">Character Collaborative Adventures</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_151.xhtml">Tyelknowle Collaborative Adventure</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>