<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 19</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_188">Game 19</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Game Day</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Game Date: </span>
        <span class="contents ">08/02/17</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Date in Play: </span>
        <span class="contents ">11/7/1491</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Detailed Entry</h2>
      <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The group catches Leokus up with what has been going on in the Hills.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The heroes went shopping around town<ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
              <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> bought a riding horse</li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
              <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> and <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> bought a horse and wagon</li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
              <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> bought silver gloves (Not really this is just story)</li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">Erin wants to invest into a Library business &quot;Information collection and disbursement&quot; </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
              <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>, winked at his one eye friend, He gain inspiration (note this for later actions)</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">They get meeting from <a href="Topic_43.xhtml">Otho</a>
          <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
              <a href="Topic_43.xhtml">Otho</a> tells them Ty capture was planned. He was needed to get a Lord of waterdeep out of prison. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">He mentions that Cult activities are happening in other places throughout the <a href="Topic_105.xhtml">sword coast</a>. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">He also mentions that the monastery is missing monks and they filled the place up with creatures<ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
                <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The monks were heading north</li>
                <li class="contents  rwStyle5">There may be clues in the monastery as to where. </li>
              </ul>
            </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
              <a href="Topic_72.xhtml">Justran</a> comes by the table to take everyone's orders</li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
              <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> orders a Rare stake<ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
                <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
                  <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> orders one with him, with a side of potatoes. </li>
                <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
                  <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> tears into it. This is the first time he is feeling like he is really eating.</li>
                <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
                  <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> realizes he would like his steak done a little more. </li>
              </ul>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> waits on the long road for <a href="Topic_211.xhtml">Imusek</a> along with the rest of the party. <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
              <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> (on seeing him) cast mage armor</li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
              <a href="Topic_211.xhtml">Imusek</a> has cloaked his creatures. <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
                <li class="contents  rwStyle5">One of the creatures &quot;the <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">Lord of Lance Rock</a>&quot; his son. Orioth </li>
              </ul>
            </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
              <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> lets Leo know that it is ok to be wary.</li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">I want to talk about a magic charge 100gp (<a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> pays it)</li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
              <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> talked about being stabbed by the knife (1:37:00) <a href="Topic_211.xhtml">Imusek</a> &quot;yes, my son is really sorry about that, aren’t you son?&quot; The zombie <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">Lord of Lance Rock</a> starts nodding. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">I am worried about my safety. &quot;you have nothing to fear from the cleric&quot; after agreeing with his son &quot;well that makes us feel 50% better.&quot;</li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">Imuske walks around the town. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
              <a href="Topic_25.xhtml">Harburk</a> stops <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> in town &quot;I see the Necro is back.&quot; &quot;I don't like him.&quot;</li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">&quot;Has he actually harmed anyone?&quot; Row: &quot;Me. Well if he never had his son I wouldn't have been captured.&quot;</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">Imusk talks about:<ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">Small talk with <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> and Leokus</li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">What brought your interest into <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">the earth cult</a>?<ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
                <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
                  <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> talks about their history of running into them.</li>
                <li class="contents  rwStyle5">What is their goal?<ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">Short sighted to wreak havoc </li>
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">They are taking an ancient deity or power source they are trying to appease.  &quot;gods like that are not worth following.&quot;</li>
                  </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="contents  rwStyle5">Do you follow a god? <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">Oh, yes. I follow the teaching of Vashroon. </li>
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
                      <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> explains: Vashroon was a human that through necromancy ascended to godhood. </li>
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">Barkhol: Do you wish to become that?</li>
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">&quot;A god? No… that is way too much responsibility&quot;</li>
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">Row: &quot;Well you can't take responsibility for your offspring.&quot; </li>
                  </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
                  <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> shows Vashroon a picture of <a href="Topic_22.xhtml">the Evil eye</a>
                  <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">Imusk explains that is what drove his son away from the family.</li>
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
                      <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>: that is a symbol that is linked to <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">the earth cult</a>.<ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
                        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">What a small world we live in. It dove him into madness</li>
                      </ul>
                    </li>
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">B: You raise dead people<ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
                        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">My son was alive when I raised him.</li>
                      </ul>
                    </li>
                  </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
                  <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> points out they were talking about his servants. <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">Ahhh, can't a man just raise his family in piece?</li>
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">They are your family?</li>
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">They are a part of me, yes. </li>
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">They sign up for this.</li>
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">Like a permission slip?</li>
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">In our tribe you sign over your death to serve and protect the head of houses. </li>
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">You agree to give someone full control of your body once you die? </li>
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">They're meat. </li>
                  </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
                  <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>: asks about the knife<ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">The knife can trap a soul or it could release a soul.</li>
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
                      <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> asks about removing <a href="Topic_136.xhtml">Odert</a>
                    </li>
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
                      <a href="Topic_211.xhtml">Imusek</a> apologizes that his son used the knife in a way of a sin. Oderts soul binding is permanent. Once she dies her soul may pass on, but I am not sure what will happen to the other one inside of you. </li>
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">The knife may not help you, but there may be something one can do. </li>
                  </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
                  <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> ask about his magic<ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle53">The magic I have been using for years have been fine, but the newer studies I have notices fluctuations in their castings. The magic sometimes will just fizzle out without warning. </li>
                  </ul>
                </li>
              </ul>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> had a dream:<ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">The fox was there wobbling and snuggles with Ro, when she holds it she feels cold.</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The go in to the Monastery through the back.<ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">Once inside they run into a pair of Gricks<ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
                <li class="contents  rwStyle5">After the fights one of Imusks skeletons got injured. Imuske started patching him up. </li>
              </ul>
            </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">They continue to the left and go in the great hall where they ran into 3 interesting baboon like creatures. They are capable of spiting fire. <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
                <li class="contents  rwStyle5">They charge the door start slashing and lighting up the characters. </li>
                <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The heroes bust in and start taking them out. During the fight they took a lot of damage, but luckily they have a cleric now that they don't send out to check for traps. </li>
              </ul>
            </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">They take a beat to heal up, <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> goes to check out the stairs. There was a large growl that came from down there and the stairs snapped. <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> dived back to not fall down the trap.<ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
                <li class="contents  rwStyle5">They search the room and find a lever. <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> finally figures out how to work the puzzle to lock the lever in place, which should reset the stairs. </li>
              </ul>
            </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">They decide to explore more of the monastery. They travel to the west. In the room they find a Drakon. It is a large winged creature. <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
                <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
                  <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> cast this spell that makes an inky black darkness. The darkness reached out an lashed at the creature. The creature few around to room trying to find an out, but could not. After a few moments it finally finds the door and starts to try and get out. The &quot;heroes?&quot; hold it back where it eventually dies. </li>
                <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The moment it dropped everyone looked, scared at <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>, &quot;What?&quot;</li>
              </ul>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The heroes continue through the monastery. Most of the rooms are empty. <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">In the entrance there are two earth guards. The &quot;heroes?&quot; convenes them to lay down their arms. They questioned them:<ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
                <li class="contents  rwStyle5">Where is the rest of <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">the earth cult</a>? We don't know, we have been gone for 2 tenday.</li>
                <li class="contents  rwStyle5">Where would they have headed? We still don't know</li>
                <li class="contents  rwStyle5">They tried to roam the monastery, but the place is filled up with monsters. </li>
              </ul>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_177.xhtml">Game 30 (with a note about 29)</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_87.xhtml">Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_189.xhtml">Game 20</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>