<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 28.0 (Last Two Years)</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_171">Game 28.0 (Last Two Years)</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Game Day</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Game Date: </span>
        <span class="contents ">06/16/18</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Detailed Entry</h2>
      <p class="contents "> The curse overwhelms <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>. He has haunting memories of days he couldn’t control it. <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> and <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> travel far and wide looking for a cure. They tried many things, and had many failures. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_120.xhtml">Barikhol and Leokas</a> learned about the battle against Bastain while they were away. When they came across a town they followed a fire cult group and found a war room. <a href="Topic_120.xhtml">Barikhol and Leokas</a> read over the map and fire battle plans and realized their side doesn’t stand a chance. That is when <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> had the idea, “use me, it’s a full moon”. <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> was reluctant, but it looked like there wasn’t a better option. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> went back to the werecreatures camp and asked for them to follow him to the battle field. The weres did at once. On the way they ran and <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> could feel his internal instincts take over. Rage, desire, hope, protection, and fear ran through him. Once the moon was in view in the sky he started to change and so did everyone else. All that could be heard was growls and where there was running there is now galloping. Off in the distance the battle could be heard. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">In the non-full moon cycles <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> somehow found time for his Brewery. With the help of <a href="Topic_212.xhtml">Teria</a> (<a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> and <a href="Topic_212.xhtml">Teria</a> have spent a lot time together during these last two years), the <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">9 Hammers and a Keg Brewery</a> has expanded. <a href="Topic_29.xhtml">Grinarv</a> has been a big help “<a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> you can trust ol’ <a href="Topic_29.xhtml">Grinarv</a>. <a href="Topic_29.xhtml">Grinarv</a> knows how these businesses go and <a href="Topic_29.xhtml">Grinarv</a> will never let you down.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">In the expansion <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> along with <a href="Topic_185.xhtml">Father Franz</a> and a few members of the <a href="Topic_135.xhtml">Mud-Bloods</a> started an orphanage. The brewery generated revenue to help get these kids off the street, take care of them, and eventually get them rehoused, trained, and educated. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> spent sleepless hours researching how to cure <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>. Many times his mind and body tried to tell him to give up, but <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> prayed to Palor to give him the endurance to save his friend. He found in his travels that he started connecting more with Palor. Some things would just fall into place and it would leave <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> wondering if it was coincidence. But they became more and more frequent and many times it turned out that if he wasn’t there people would have died or bad things would have happened. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> remembers <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>’s teaching on the theology. It finally started to make sense. Every now and then <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>’ scar would bother him. Random things would happen like he would lose little bits of time or hear something off in the distance. <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> may not have even related this to his scar. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">There was a moment where it started making sense. He teamed up with some of the soldiers who rescued him after he was held prisoner. They were fighting against <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">the earth cult</a>. When out came <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a>. <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> grabbed his friend and tried to pull him back, but he felt a pain in his chess that made him hesitate. If he reacted he may have been able to pull Nir out of the way before <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a> turned him to stone, but that jolt of pain stopped him. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> dealing with the lost of his old friend and watching others dying at the hands of <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">the earth cult</a> had a moment of fear. That is when he heard <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a>. “We see you <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>, we know who you are, we know what you and the <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">Heroes of Red Larch</a> are up to. We knew were you were going to be and that is why we are here. We control you. The Elder Eye sees all. You have lost.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> fought through the pain and the panic. After a quick prayer to Paylor he got whoever was left and they got out of there. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Two months later <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> was woken up with a vision. He was standing in his home town. It was on fire. <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">The Earth cult</a> was marching through pulling people out of their homes and executing them on the streets. <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> tried to wake up, but he couldn’t. He felt it, the scar, the elementals were showing him this vision. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a> dragged his family out onto the streets. “I know you two, and I know your son is watching.” <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>’ mother and father were scared. “This is the price you have to pay for your son and his troop interfering with the elemental evil.” and he proceeded to turn them into stone. Then raised a Warhammer known as <a href="Topic_200.xhtml">Ironfang</a> and started to smash it down on his mother and father. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“NOOOOOO!!!!!!!!” a high pitched scream came from somewhere and <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> felt the sting of something in his chest. Leo opens up his eyes and see <a href="Topic_227.xhtml">Leaf</a> punching him and zapping at his chest to snap <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> out of it. “You have to get that under control! May master needs you to come to breakfast!” which was an odd thing to say, but <a href="Topic_227.xhtml">leaf</a> seemed to have his priorities sometimes askew when it came to food. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“Wait!” <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> said, and <a href="Topic_227.xhtml">Leaf</a> hovered in front of him waiting. “Don’t tell <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“Not my secret, I can’t.” <a href="Topic_227.xhtml">Leaf</a> replied. “But your food is getting cold!”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> exhausted the books she had for research and decided to travel to the elemental planes to learn more about these cults. What she learned is that the Elemental Evil lives in a world between the elements and it is a disease to the elemental planes. The more power it gains the more it will be able to take over the elemental planes. She also learned that the Orbs take a sacrifice to create. Life magic is very powerful and when a life is sacrificed it can create all sorts of disastrous things. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> found she missed planes traveling. When she prepares to travel it is more about preparing herself. The <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">heroes of Red Larch</a> on a normal day would see <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> doing weird things like running down the streets with her arms out feeling the wind, building sand castles, getting in to water bag fights, and playing with the town’s children “the floor is lava”.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">While <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> was on the Elemental Plane of Water <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> found Elodin her twin brother working at, now that <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> sees the place it is obvious that he would be here, the liquid library. “Elodin, my bother, it has been so long.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“Too long, I go by <a href="Topic_4.xhtml">Enna</a> now.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle81">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> looks over… her sister <a href="Topic_4.xhtml">Enna</a>. “<a href="Topic_4.xhtml">Enna</a>, my sister, how have I missed you.” They hug like long lost syblings should and catch up. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle81"> </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle81">
        <a href="Topic_4.xhtml">Enna</a> went on the final mission with their grandmother. There was an attack and a blast of magic and <a href="Topic_4.xhtml">Enna</a> woke up being rescued by merfolk getting her to a bubble (cities in the Elemental Plane of Water). <a href="Topic_4.xhtml">Enna</a> was never good at planes travel, that was always Ro’s talent, so she found what she was good at and started doing it. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle81"> </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle81">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> asked <a href="Topic_4.xhtml">Enna</a> to come home with her, but <a href="Topic_4.xhtml">Enna</a> told <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> “I want to, and I really hope to visit one day, but I have a family here.” She takes <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> to her home down in the channels. “I want you to meet your niece, nephew, and brother in law.” <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> spent a couple weeks with them while using the library to learn more about the orbs. In the end she went home without her sister, but they now know how to get ahold of each other. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle81"> </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle81">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> in a fit of wild magic made two shells that have a pattern weaved in them that is similar to the ones she used on her bag of holding. They can contact each other by holding the shell and whispering their name. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> made it his top priority to hunt and destroy orbs. <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> would rush off to Dwarf villages to hunt down cult members. One day why visiting <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Mirabar</a>
        <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> found a statue, in the middle of town. It was the <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">heroes of Red Larch</a>. On the face his statue <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> wore a mask. It was the mask of Gorm. The description on the statue had an inscription “In remembrance of the heroes that saved <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Mirabar</a> in 1491”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> had a memory of playing on these streets as a child. <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> and his friend <a href="Topic_170.xhtml">Amnom</a> was playing a game Mosters and Heroes. <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> was playing the hero dwarf hunting down <a href="Topic_170.xhtml">Amnom</a> the evil elf. They played with sticks and cookware for their swords and shields. <a href="Topic_170.xhtml">Amnom</a> had this move where he would slide past <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> and catch him in a random leg and flip him over, spinning up to have his wooden spoon right in front of <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>. “Got you now!” They had a lot of fun playing together. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> was in Waterdeep waiting on a messenger from the <a href="Topic_58.xhtml">Feathergale Knights</a> when a Water Cult Raid happened. The city was hit with a devastation orb. Rain, floods, whirl pools, and more attacked the streets. The cultist ran through the streets attacking civilians and government buildings. <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> started fighting back. <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> watched one of the cultist surf up to the top of a shop. They sold the best whiskey in Waterdeep. <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> grabbed onto his shield and let the current grab hold of him and push his shield up towards the top of the building, pulling <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> behind. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The fight was down to who was more skilled <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> with his axe VS the watercult fighter with his hammer. The water cultist was a dwarf. <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> yelled “Why did you forsake the Dwarf gods? Your kind is killing so many innocents.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“HA!” the cultist mocked “The dwarf gods are small, weak, they couldn’t save Raven Rock, they couldn’t save Katwaen.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> thought to himself “where have I heard that name?” he realized he took his eyes off the cultist for a split second, and before he knew it the watercult dwarf slid by him flipping <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> onto his back. <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> saw the hammer just above his face. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">On instinct <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> said “<a href="Topic_170.xhtml">Amnom</a>?” We see <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> swing his foot and then <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> as a child doing the same thing. One foot goes over the elbow and the other kicks the hammer swinging it back up to the attackers face and pulling <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> up from the ground. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The watercult attacker said outloud “<a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>?” as <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> took the cult member down and kicked off his helmet. <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> had his axe raised high and <a href="Topic_170.xhtml">Amnom</a> looked into his face and saw the face of Gorm. <a href="Topic_170.xhtml">Amnom</a> begun to cry and beg. <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> brought his axe down and crushed the helmet. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“Go.” <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> said “Go home. Just… go home.” <a href="Topic_170.xhtml">Amnom</a> got up and ran.</p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_167.xhtml">Game 27.1</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_87.xhtml">Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_172.xhtml">Game 28.1</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>