<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Grimble Backstory</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_155">Grimble Backstory</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Stories</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> is a mountain (shield) dwarf born into Clan Battlehammer. His father was a well-known brew master throughout the kingdom. His excellent beers and ales were attributed the fact that the yeast he used was always blessed (for a cost) by a priest of the god Dumathoin. From an early age, <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> took an interest in the fine art of brewing ale and learned as much about the craft as he could from his father. As he became older, and in holding with the name of his clan, he was taught the martial tradition of wielding the battle hammer and shield. Thanks to his father’s deeply rooted religious beliefs, <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> was also a very pious dwarf. As soon as he was of age, he was indoctrinated into the church as a holy warrior and defender of the faith (paladin) in service of the Dwarven god of defense and vigilance, Gorm Gulthyn. This only strengthened his piety and resolve to the point of fanaticism when it comes to defending his clan and kingdom. Because of his unrelenting devotion to this cause, and the knowledge that external (to the clan/kingdom) forces sometimes threaten the sanctity of his ancestral way of life, he took an oath of vengeance against any who might threaten it and was charged by Gorm (the church) to travel the land and seek out those threats and destroy them.</p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_154.xhtml">Barikhol Backstory</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_143.xhtml">Character Backstories</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_156.xhtml">Rowena Backstory</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>