<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 31.1 (Armonds Story)</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_40">Game 31.1 (Armonds Story)</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Detailed Entry</h2>
      <p class="contents ">As the <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">heroes of Red Larch</a> vanish through the vanishing glass and all that was left was a small pop. <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> turned to the Mud Bloods and said, “I will work on how we are going to get there, get ready. We leave in a 10 day. Hopefully it will not be traveling by glass.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">On the day of leaving many showed up. <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>, <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>, <a href="Topic_43.xhtml">Otho</a>, <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>, <a href="Topic_183.xhtml">Finnis</a>, <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>, and <a href="Topic_1.xhtml">Zummy</a> showed up in gear ready to travel. It was also to most others displeasure that <a href="Topic_211.xhtml">Imusek</a> showed up. Unfortunately to travel the underworld on elemental planes <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> had to hire the help of <a href="Topic_211.xhtml">Imusek</a> to open the ways. Fortunately he wasn’t traveling with them. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The heroes traveled to the 4 planes and was able to rescue the souls. Here the souls were formed, but fading. Earth souls were dusting everywhere, Fire souls were slowing smoking away, water souls were turning into a gas, and air souls were leaving floating trails behind them. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">One the heroes would collect them up they would open a way and it would send everyone back to Faerun. When the spirits would touch land the theory is they would slowly fade and move on to the afterlife of the path they followed. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The clerics would help them with this transition. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> and the rest were meet with plenty of opposition. When they had Fire (the last of the spirits to visit) they went running back though the worlds edge and open the gate. Fighting with tormented spirits they were able to get most through <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> and Ty were the last. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">When they went to jump a giant swung his tree and knocked <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> to the ground. Ty turned around and started to go back but the portal was almost closed and he couldn’t get through. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_227.xhtml">Leaf</a> helps <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> up as they watch the crowd of spirits coming closer. “Well sir… I guess we were not sure if we were coming home anyway.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“Yeah. Sorry.” <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> tells him.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“Don’t be. It has been an honor.” <a href="Topic_227.xhtml">Leaf</a> tells <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> as they start to gather power. “Let’s make this tough for them.” </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_39.xhtml">Game 31</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_87.xhtml">Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_42.xhtml">Game 14</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>