<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 22</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_223">Game 22</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Game Day</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Game Date: </span>
        <span class="contents ">11/18/2017</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Date in Play: </span>
        <span class="contents ">11/25/1491</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">TLDR</h2>
      <p class="contents ">They killed <a href="Topic_141.xhtml">Hellenrae</a>, The town was under attack, they split up to stop the Construct Monster and Save the town. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">They saved the town, <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> road the worm, stopped the creation of an evil temple, and the wild mage went wild everywhere. </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Detailed Entry</h2>
      <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">Flashback to <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
          </span>
          <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">She was experiencing Wild Surges while in prison and trying to hold them back</li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">She was looking worse than the rest of the heroes. Her body is obviously taking too much stress from this experience</li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">At one point when her magic started sparking and she looked incredibly weak her fox comes up and lays down by her side. She instantly starts to feel better. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">Each time she starts experiencing surges her fox continues to do this and over time the fox starts looking more and more wounded. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">This is when We see <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
              </span>'s island of magic and in the middle a black spot forms. </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The heroes return back into battle with the Stone Construct. <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">Leokus doesn't want anybody else, and when he prays to Palor he touches himself.</li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
              <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
              </span> was hit by a monk and she could feel her losing grip of haste, but she pulls it back together. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">The Construct turns purple and after a couple seconds of flashing it responds &quot;I understand. I will go now master.&quot;</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
          </span> and <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
          </span> chased after it. <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">They got up to a chasm and the Construct jumped down. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">About 1000 feet across they can make out a cave that is shimmering. They assume the Construct is heading that way. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
              <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
              </span> jumps and lands on a Ramerhas. He slips off but grabs one of the tentacles from the face and wraps around to create makeshift rains </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
          </span> starts running back to the others and sees her fox. She can see the fox running beside her. Her magic sparks and she can see the fox gain energy. Then she has a moment of realization. The fox is powered by her wild magic. Suppressing that magic should be ripping her apart, but instead it is ripping her sprit fox apart. She sparks again and fox jumps and lands in front of her hardening the snow around <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
          </span>'s feet creating a like snowboard. She goes zooming down the hillside towards her friends. By the time they reach the doors she comes sliding up beside them.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">They go into the city and hear screams of gore. They approach a section of the city and see one of the monks slitting a dwarfs throat.<ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">The heroes run up and about 20 or more monks jumping out of windows and come flying down city streets. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
              <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
              </span> wearing the mask of Gorm screams GORM! And smashes his hammer down on that monk and they get surrounded. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
              <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
              </span> goes running up and crouches down and swords burst out from him and start slicing through many of them. It starts ripping the monks apart. Other monks are diving out of the way and some are being more vicious and pushing monks into the way to save their lives. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">A monks sucks the bricks out from under Leokus and starts blasting them back at him. Leokus swings his shield up and bricks go flying everywhere. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
              <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
              </span> grabs one of them and starts shocking them and feels the energy go down her other arm and unleash into another Monk</li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">Gorm brings his hammer to two monks but misses their face and it rips open their necks. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">Back at the Cave <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
              </span> follows too close to the Construct and it smashes him up against the wall. <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
              </span> uses his centering and follows at a much further distance. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">Two monks were lifting rocks the throw at <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
              </span> and <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
              </span> swings his glave snicker snack and both monks are still standing there as they watch the bricks fall and the bodies separate. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
              <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
              </span> blast another monk and then she turns invisible. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">A bone collector shows up and starts shooting bone shards at the heroes. <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
              </span> goes running and uses <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
              </span> to assist and get him up onto the roof to engage with this creature. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
              <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
              </span> engages with the Bone Collector while the rest of the heroes keep the Monks off him. <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
              </span> takes a hit, but Leokus is there to keep him alive. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">The monks continue to pound on the heroes. <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
              </span> and an invisible <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
              </span> are jumping around the battle field slinging Eldritch Blast and Fire Bolts. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">The Collector gets a powerful strike on <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
              </span> nearly killing him. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
              <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
              </span> follows the Construct to an opening in the cave and in the middle on a pedestal sits a box that is displaying a hologram of <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_22.xhtml">the Evil Eye</a>
              </span>. <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
              </span> knows not to let the construct near the middle of the room. He pounds his fist into him and sweeps him trying to stop him but the construct persist. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
              <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
              </span> finishes off the last of the monks on the ground as <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
              </span> jumps up onto the roof. When she lands a couple of monks see the indentations and starts hurling bricks from the roof towards her, but the bricks go flying off into the sky. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">Leokus heals <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
              </span> and the sky open up as XXXX (Leo's god) blesses him. <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
              </span> speaks with the power of the gods &quot;I am Gorm&quot; and smashes his hammer down on the collector. </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">
              <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
              </span> leaps off the Construct and kicks the box further away so the creature cannot get to it. He then turns around and starts punching this monster as sparks come flying off his fist as he is pounding into the creature. He brings up his fist high and snaps down on the creatures head where there is a loud crack </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">The bone collector rises up and opens up. It smashes down on <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
              </span> everyone hears his armor chink and bones start forming around <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
              </span>. <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
              </span> stands up and turns towards <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
              </span> and the bones move Grimbles arm to lift his hammer to strike down on <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
              </span>. But at the last moment the mask starts glowing and <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
              </span> stops. The air cracks and speaks &quot;No one controls Gorm!&quot; the bones shatter and burst away as <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
              </span> is standing there, but not looking anything like <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
              </span>, he looks like a god. He turns around and smashes away the bones on the collector as <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
              </span> leaps over <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
              </span> with is Glave straight out and slices up into the creatures skull.  </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">They make it back to the cave and <span class="rwStyle29">
                <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
              </span> realizes this used to be a temple of Gorm. He takes the mask and places it on the alter which sits on top of a fountain. He feels his hammer being guided towards the fountain and he places it in there. When he pulls it back out he is holding a battle axe. That has symbols of Gorm drawn down the side. </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <footer class="topicFooter">
      <h2 class="childTopicsHeader">Child Topics</h2>
      <ul class="childTopicsList">
        <li class="childTopicsEntry">
          <a href="Topic_224.xhtml">(G 23) Who let the Boar Out</a>
        </li>
        <li class="childTopicsEntry">
          <a href="Topic_226.xhtml">(G 26) it's a bird, it's a plane...</a>
        </li>
        <li class="childTopicsEntry">
          <a href="Topic_125.xhtml">(G19) Return to the Monistary</a>
        </li>
        <li class="childTopicsEntry">
          <a href="Topic_228.xhtml">(G27) Shit is going down</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </footer>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_221.xhtml">Game 16</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_87.xhtml">Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">Next</td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>