<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game Zero</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_51">Game Zero</header>
    <nav include-html="index.xhtml"/>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Theme</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle1">Consensual Reality is Changing</span> - Due to so many people subscribing to the belief of the Fake News, Flat Earthers, not believing in Climate Science, Vaccines cause autism, Holocaust never happened, and even more real things that have no grounding in reality, this is changing the Consensual Reality and causing glitches in magick. Sometimes Paradox happens with Coincidental Effects, but sometimes it doesn’t happen with Vulgar Effects. It is hard to predict, and the bubbles of shifting reality do not stay in one place for long. No one knows why this is happening in Seattle or how many other places it is happening. </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Threat</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle1">The Technocracy are Relentless</span> – Most places the Technocracy has been laying low and not bothering the Traditions for many years, but in recent years the Technocracy hasn’t been going out of their way to take out Reality Deviants, but when one “gets in their way” they have no problem removing the delinquent. The rise in attacks seems to not be officially sanctioned. The contacts within the Technocracy claim to know nothing about it and deny their involvement with the accused. Unfortunately, there isn’t a truce when mages give cause for other groups to attack, such as thievery, assault, divulging secrets, and more. </p>
    </section>
    <script type="text/javascript">includeHTML();</script>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">Prev</td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_50.xhtml">00 Game Overview</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">Next</td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>