<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>The Party Sheet</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_145">The Party Sheet</header>
    <nav include-html="index.xhtml"/>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Player 1</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P1 - Name: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle52">
          <span class="rwStyle12">
            <a href="Topic_98.xhtml">Sani</a>
          </span>
        </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle4"/>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle12">Ahiga (Shane)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P1 - Tradition: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Euthanatoi </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">also known as the Chakravanti (&quot;People of the Wheel&quot;) or the Niyamavanti (&quot;People of our Rule&quot;)</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P1 - Concept: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Con-artist and Conspiracy Theorist</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P1 - Nature / Demeanor: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Trickster / Activist</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P1 - Conviction: </span>
        <span class="contents ">THe wheel is clogged, but must spin, Disharmony brings disorder</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P1 - Flaw: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Multiple Identity Disorder - borderline schzophrenia </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P1 - Attributes: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Dex 3, Sta 2, Str 1</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Cha 4, Cmp 2, Man3</p>
      <p class="contents ">Int 2, Res 2, Wits 3</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P1 - High Dot Skills 3-5: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Stealth 3, </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Persuasion 3, Persuasion (Bargaining) 4, Subterfuge 3</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P1 - Low Dot Skills 1-2: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Athletics 2, Craft (Carving) 1, Firearms 2, Melee 1, </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Etiquette 2, Insight 2, Performance (Public Speaking) 1, Persuasion (Barganing) 4 Streetwise 2, </p>
      <p class="contents ">Academics 1, Academics (Philosophy) 2, Empathy 2, Occult 1, Politics 2, Science (Physics) 1</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P1 - Spheres: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Entropy 3, Forces 2, Life 2, Matter 2, Prime 1</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P1 - Advantages: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Avatar 3, Contacts 2, Liguistics 1, Resources 3, Contact 1 </span>
        <span class="contents ">[Shared with Vic]</span>
        <span class="contents "> (</span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_12.xhtml">Teddy</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents ">)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P1 - Paradigm: </span>
        <span class="contents ">​Tribal magick is the source of my magick, hell, it seems to be the source of all true magick.  I understand that the Technocracy has their means, as do all the other traditions, but I haven’t seen enough of it to say that it really works.  The chants, drumbeats, bones, smoke and natural focuses are what is real.  When it comes to that type of magick, nothing compares! I have seen medicine women cure everything from cirrhosis of the liver all the way to full blown lung cancer!  Can’t say a doctor has ever done that.  This is the real deal, and if a rattlesnake head will get rid of a cough, I’m all for it.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The drums clear the mind, the pipe internalizes your thoughts, the owl and eagle feathers create rain, wind and lightning.  Coyote, deer, and buffalo bones clear the body of ill humors, or shorten the lifespan of enemies.  I have seen it all and done quite a bit.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">This idea stems from childhood to adult observations, as well as personal interaction.  This belief was not forced on to him, but shown to have true power.  You could say Sani was taught these things by watching his uncle and working with Isaac.​</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P1 - Restriction: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Because of the balance needed for a Euthanatoi, I can’t kill or harm with Entropy unless I truly believe that the one in question is keeping the great wheel from turning.  Once I understand the character and motivations of a person, a decision can be made.  I am afraid of making a bad decision and becoming that which I despise, something that slows or stops the wheel.</span>
      </p>
      <ol class="contents  rwStyle40">
        <span class="snippet_label">P1 - Foci: </span>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle20">Owl Feather – Wind, Light, Gravity (most forces)</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle20">Loadstone – Magnetism, electricity, electromagnetic waves</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle20">Eagle Feather - The eagle soars above all and sees everything.  I use this to draw upon reality (Prime)</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle20">Coyote Fangs – Used to auger fortune (Entropy)</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle20">(Gave Up) Rattlesnake Fang – Used to harm enemies (Entropy)</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle20">Sage – Used to clear ill humors from body (Life)</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle20">Dirt – Used for reaching out to items, as all items come from the earth in some way (matter)</li>
      </ol>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P1 - Avatar: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Coyote: the Trickster god</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Player 2</h2>
      <h2 class="section1">Player 3</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P3 - Name: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle52">
          <span class="rwStyle12">
            <a href="Topic_100.xhtml">Trent</a>
          </span>
        </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle12"> (Nathan)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P3 - Tradition: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Sahajiya - Cult of Ecstasy</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P3 - Concept: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Night Owl of Bars and Clubs</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P3 - Nature / Demeanor: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Idealist / Trickster</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P3 - Conviction: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Slavery is Evil</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P3 - Flaw: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Shadow Slips. Trent randomly slips through the cracks to places he doesn't mean to be.​</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P3 - Attributes: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Dex 3, Sta 2, Str 2, </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Cha 3, Comp 2, Man 2, </p>
      <p class="contents ">Int 3, Res 1, Wits 4</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P3 - High Dot Skills 3-5: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Athletics 3, Stealth 4, </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Persuasion 3, </p>
      <p class="contents ">Empathy 3</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P3 - Low Dot Skills 1-2: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Brawl (Bar Fights) 1, Craft (weaponsmith) 1, Larceny 1, Melee 2, </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Insight 2, Performance (Drums) 1 Streetwise, 1, Subterfuge 2, </p>
      <p class="contents ">Academics (Research) 1, Awareness 1, Science (Physics) 1</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P3 - Spheres: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Cor 3, Forces 2, Matter 1, Mind 3</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P3 - Advantages: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Acute Sense 2, Arcane 2, Avatar 2, Node 1, </span>
        <span class="contents ">Resources 3, </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Node 1 - El Corazon</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P3 - Paradigm: </span>
        <span class="contents ">​I believe that the world around us is more interactive than it seems; just far too many people are perfectly happy with the status quo and never dare to go beyond the rules to see the true possibilities. I’ve seen the other side of things and know that with a little thought and imagination you can bend the rules or use them to control the flows of chaos that’s all around you. (Think pseudo-science or semi quantum mechanics.)​</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P3 - Restriction: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Things that don’t have any possible scientific explanation, even if fringe or semi made up. For Trent, curses, spirits, voodoo or witchcraft type things fall into this category.</span>
      </p>
      <ol class="contents  rwStyle40">
        <span class="snippet_label">P3 - Foci: </span>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle21">(Given up) Eyeglasses – Was used for “seeing” the gateways in the line between light and dark (Correspondence, given up, as it was used most often, and most well practiced [Arete3])</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle21">Humming – used to distort the air around me (Arcane, in order to help cause disruption from any visual recordings, or memories of what I look like)</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle21">Pot – used to aid in viewing thought forms or auras (Mind, assistance with reading body language and mood for insight and empathy)</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle21">Whistle – used to adjust resonance to allow me to see various wavelengths (Forces, augment visual ranges and detect other forms of energy visually)</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle21">Right arm tattoo – “The Great Wave” by Hokusai (Forces, used for object or gravity manipulation, probably need more points before it can be used) </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle21">Left arm tattoo – M. C. Escher’s endless stairs (Mind, focus for manipulating illusions, might need more points in mind before it can be used in game.)</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle21">Zippo Lighter – used to generate light/dark areas to allow for correspondence rerouting of projectiles (Correspondence, acts as a sort of shield, where objects passing into the boundary in front are routed to come out from the boundary behind him)</li>
      </ol>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P3 - Avatar: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Puck - A sarcastic voice in his head.</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Player 4</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P4 - Name: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle52">
          <span class="rwStyle12">
            <a href="Topic_97.xhtml">Vic</a>
          </span>
        </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle12"> (Pappy)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P4 - Tradition: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Order of Hermes / House Flambeau</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P4 - Concept: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Redemption Plan</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P4 - Nature / Demeanor: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Survivor / Crusader</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P4 - Conviction: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Harm No Child</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P4 - Flaw: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Echos - Flames Flicker, Images Lag, Tech Breaks, and other witching flaws.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P4 - Attributes: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Dex 3, Sta 4, Str 3</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Cha 1, Comp 2, Man 2</p>
      <p class="contents ">Int 2, Res 3, Wits 2</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P4 - High Dot Skill 3-5: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Firearms 3, Firearms (Quickdraw) 4, </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Academics (History Medieval) 3, </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P4 - Low Dot Skill 1-2: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Craft (Alchemy) 1, Larceny 1, Melee 2, Stealth 2, Survival 1, </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Etiquette 1, Insight 2, Leadership 1, Performance (Guitar) 1, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 1, </p>
      <p class="contents ">Academics 2, Awareness 2, Investigation 1, Occult 2, Science (mathematics) 1, Technology 1</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P4 - Spheres: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Cor 1, Forces 3, Life 1, Mind 1, Prime 2</span>
        <span class="contents ">, Matter 2, Spirit 1</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P4 - Advantages: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Acute Senses 1, </span>
        <span class="contents ">Avatar 2, Library 1, Linguistic 1 (Latin), Resources 4, Contacts [Shared with </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_98.xhtml">Sani</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents ">] 1 (</span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_12.xhtml">Teddy</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents ">)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P4 - Paradigm: </span>
        <span class="contents ">A Mechanistic Cosmos</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Practices: Alchemy, High ritual Magick</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P4 - Restriction: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Almost all magick needs an origin circle/symbol and a receiving circle/symbol. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Exceptions include: magick emanating for mage (needs only origin circle/symbol) and fire-based effects (House Flambeau's unique focus)</p>
      <ol class="contents  rwStyle40">
        <span class="snippet_label">P4 - Foci: </span>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle21">Circle/symbols</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle21">language</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle21">writing/inscriptions</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle21">numbers/numerology</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle21">gestures</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle21">weapons (other possible Foci: elements &amp; True names)</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle21">(Given Up) Staves/wands</li>
      </ol>
      <h2 class="section1">Player 5</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P5 - Name: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle52">
          <span class="rwStyle12">
            <a href="Topic_101.xhtml">Xenori</a>
          </span>
        </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle12"> (Erin)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P5 - Tradition: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Virtual Adept</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P5 - Concept: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Former Spy/Infiltrator</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P5 - Nature / Demeanor: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Loner / Trickster</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P5 - Conviction: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Always help the less fortunate</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P5 - Flaw: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Main-io a Technocratic Enemy </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P5 - Attributes: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Dex 1, Sta 2, Str 2</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Cha 2, Comp 2, Man 3</p>
      <p class="contents ">Int 4, Wits 3, Res 1</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P5 - High Dot Skill 3-5: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Subterfuge 4, Subterfuge (Disguise) 4, </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Awareness 3, Investigation 3, Technology 3</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P5 - Low Dot Skill 1-2: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Craft (Techonogy) 1, Drive 2, Larceny 2, Stealth 1, </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Etiquette 1, Insight 1, Performance (Dance) 1, Persuasion 2, </p>
      <p class="contents ">Academics (Technology) 1, Science (Computers) 1</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P5 - Spheres: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Cor 3, Forces 2, Matter 1, Mind 1, Prime 1</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P5 - Advantages: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Avatar 1</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Wonder (Ketunnahka): Invention 2/3</p>
      <p class="contents ">Visually a GSX1000 bike, has a &quot;Jarvis&quot; interface/AI called &quot;Ketunnahka&quot;. Allows access to the digital web.</p>
      <p class="contents ">Flaw: Jealous, does not like other people.</p>
      <p class="contents ">Wonder (Nanobots): Artifact 3</p>
      <p class="contents ">Stolen from the technocracy, these bots act like a familiar to cast spells.</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P5 - Paradigm: </span>
        <span class="contents ">The universe is code, and I can hack it and reprogram it.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P5 - Restriction: </span>
        <span class="contents ">The more closely something is related to technology or invention, the easier it is for me to affect it. It is more difficult to “reprogram” something purely natural.</span>
      </p>
      <ol class="contents  rwStyle40">
        <span class="snippet_label">P5 - Foci: </span>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle21">Ketunnahka – my invention – allows me to access the digital web</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle21">Keyboard rings – allow me to modify ‘code’</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle21">Nanobots(BUGs Biometric Utility Gadgets) – wonder/artifact – allow me to modify/manipulate code at range. Rote related – co-locality awareness</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle21">Necklace from my “love” Jinx – helps me connect to people (i.e. ground in ‘reality’ rather than digital web)</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle21">Sukajan – aids in appearance modifications</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle21">VR/AR Specs – aids in “seeing” in the digital web. Think Oculus rift meets Edith.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle21">(Given up) hat – this used to aid in cloaking, but I no longer need it</li>
      </ol>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">P5 - Conditions: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Terrified 2</span>
      </p>
    </section>
    <script type="text/javascript">includeHTML();</script>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_131.xhtml">Fronts</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">00 Game Overview</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">Next</td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>