<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Fronts</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_123">Fronts</header>
    <nav include-html="index.xhtml"/>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Game Overview</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Concept: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle29">If you had the power of a god, what would you do with it? And what would it do to you? Remember, all Magick has a price. Are you willing to pay it?</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The cost of magick can be high: madness, death, corruption, and damnation. Mage the Ascension is part of the grim World of Darkness (WoD). WoD is a horror story. It is a game about having hope, and slowly having that hope taken away from you. </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <br/>For Rating and Consent see 00 Game Overview</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Theme: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle6">Consensual Reality is Changing</span>
        <span class="contents "> - Due to so many people subscribing to the belief of the Fake News, Flat Earthers, not believing in Climate Science, Vaccines cause autism, Holocaust never happened, and even more real things that have no grounding in reality, this is changing the Consensual Reality and causing glitches in magick. Sometimes Paradox happens with Coincidental Effects, but sometimes it doesn’t happen with Vulgar Effects. It is hard to predict, and the bubbles of shifting reality do not stay in one place for long. No one knows why this is happening in Seattle or how many other places it is happening. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Threat: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle6">The </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle6">
          <a href="Topic_40.xhtml">Technocracy</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle6"> are Relentless</span>
        <span class="contents "> – Most places the Technocracy has been laying low and not bothering the Traditions for many years, but in recent years the Technocracy hasn’t been going out of their way to take out Reality Deviants, but when one “gets in their way” they have no problem removing the delinquent. The rise in attacks seems to not be officially sanctioned. The contacts within the Technocracy claim to know nothing about it and deny their involvement with the accused. Unfortunately, there isn’t a truce when mages give cause for other groups to attack, such as thievery, assault, divulging secrets, and more. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle29">Keep in mind, with the Fronts below that some of them should be combined, and some of them only partially link up. As we continue this list will keep getting additional information added to it until the Front is completed.</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Front 1</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F1 - Title: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle45">The Breath-Taking Court Case</span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle16"> (Complete)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F1 - Description: </span>
        <span class="contents ">There was a court case where a rich teenager by the name of Ethan Brewster, was driving under the influence. He crashed his car accidently killing a person by the name of Jakki Davis. In the last few weeks there has been a number of deaths by asphyxiation. It turns out, that the deaths are all members of the court case, all but 3.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a> was looking into some possible magickal items for <a href="Topic_61.xhtml">Susan</a>. He found one at a pawn shop ran by a gang member named <a href="Topic_20.xhtml">Dee</a>. <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a> retrieved the item, but <a href="Topic_61.xhtml">Susan</a> died also by asphyxiation. It wasn’t until later that she was connected to the court case. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a> was walking down the street when a younger adult named Manel fell and almost landed on him. Since his apartment is right above <a href="Topic_61.xhtml">Susan</a>’s apartment, it is believed that these cases may be connected. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">There was also an incident where the apartment right beneath <a href="Topic_61.xhtml">Susan</a>’s the tenant was taken to the hospital due to breathing issues.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The remaining suspects have died. Garry Davis died by suicide in a local theater. Peter Reed and Jean Johnson was murdered via asphyxiation while being detained at the local police station. </p>
      <p class="contents ">* Manel falling, Dee Shooting, and the Magicakal Items are split into different Fronts below</p>
      <p class="contents ">It appears this Storyline has ended as everyone is now dead. </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F1 - Faces and Places: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Jakki (unseen)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_61.xhtml">Susan</a>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_131.xhtml">Garry Davis</a>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_60.xhtml">Manel</a>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">From Court:</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle17">Diana Tera - Judge</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Peter Reed – M – 20 – D </p>
      <p class="contents ">Paula Cox – F – 41 – D </p>
      <p class="contents ">Robert Gonzalez – M – 25 – D </p>
      <p class="contents ">Christine Gonzales – F – 25 – D </p>
      <p class="contents ">Jean Johnson – F – 70 – D </p>
      <p class="contents ">Deborah Moore – F – 29 – D </p>
      <p class="contents ">Joshua Taylor – M – 39 – A </p>
      <p class="contents ">Jason Richardson – M – 35 – D </p>
      <p class="contents ">Sarah Wilson – F – 29 – D </p>
      <p class="contents ">Nicholas Murphy – M – 71 – D </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_61.xhtml">Susan</a> Flores – F – 35 – D (from above)</p>
      <p class="contents ">Theresa Diaz – F – 59 – D </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Front 2</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F2 - Title: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle45">Vampire Turf War</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F2 - Description: </span>
        <span class="contents ">At </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_55.xhtml">Trinity Nightclub</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents "> there has been a death. A person not yet 21 by the name of Bernard, died of exsanguination, but “officially” of a drug overdose. This started a war between two faction of </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_13.xhtml">Vampires</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents "> and it is going to get worse. </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_115.xhtml">Agent Blair</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents ">, an agent within one of the divisions of the </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_40.xhtml">Technocracy</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents ">, offered aid to help bring the killer to justice.</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Front 3</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F3 - Title: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle45">The Clog in the Wheel</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F3 - Description: </span>
        <span class="contents ">There was a ritual that the Euthanitoi performed to show them the one who is clogging fate. With this person around there is an entropy bubble hovering over the city and once popped, no one knows what will happen. This is so powerful that it caused an Oracle to return to the </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_120.xhtml">chantry</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents "> to aid. What was shown was a child. An elementary school girl named </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_126.xhtml">Hope Walsh</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents ">. Only the Player Characters know her name, the remainder of the Euthanitoi do not. <br/>
          <br/>The vision told Sani that she is going to bring about countless deaths unless she is stopped the only way they know how. </span>
        <span class="contents ">Now they need to make a choice. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_90.xhtml">Sani</a> attempted to confront the child. On doing so a <a href="Topic_130.xhtml">man in the newspaper</a> told him to stay away. When <a href="Topic_90.xhtml">Sani</a> did not listen to his threats the <a href="Topic_130.xhtml">man in the newspaper</a> pulled him into the paper and threw him off a building. </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F3 - Faces and Places: </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_126.xhtml">Hope Walsh</a>
        </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_130.xhtml">man in the newspaper</a>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F3 - Events: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Euthanitoi </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_120.xhtml">Chantry</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents ">: Performed ritual</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Sani followed her to and from school.</p>
      <p class="contents ">Xen tapped into the cameras and found the parents are dead. </p>
      <p class="contents ">A man in the newspaper is her &quot;guardian&quot;</p>
      <h2 class="section1">Front 4</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F4 - Title: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle45">Girl at Seattle U</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F4 - Description: </span>
        <span class="contents ">A girl disappears in her dorm. </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents "> investigates on where she vanished to. On investigation she appeared and pulled him somewhere else.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a> follows here through a dream sequence inside her own subconscious. He and <a href="Topic_90.xhtml">Sani</a> finally help pull her out and agrees to help her try and figure out what she can do. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">She shows up to Trent and throws up the nylon rope he left in her dream. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Trent goes to his chantry to seek advice on how to help her. </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F4 - Faces and Places: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Ella Hearts</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F4 - Events: </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Trent</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents "> goes to her dorm</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">She finds Trent at Teddy the Vet's office</p>
      <h2 class="section1">Front 5</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F5 - Title: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle16">
          <span class="rwStyle45">
            <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">Dyron</a>
          </span>
        </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle45">, the lil brother of </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle16">
          <span class="rwStyle45">
            <a href="Topic_20.xhtml">Dee</a>
          </span>
        </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle16"> (Complete)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F5 - Description: </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">Dyron</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents "> was stuck in a gang called </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_22.xhtml">Duces 8</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents ">. He had little options and these were the lest worst of all the options. </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">Dyron</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents ">’s brother </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_20.xhtml">Dee</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents "> used to roll with D8, and decided to take over when he found out his little brother was in trouble.  He did what he had to do. He also came to own a pawn shop. He used the pawn shop as a front and did business with the locals of </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Central District</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents ">. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_20.xhtml">Dee</a> came into an item and became possessed by it. <a href="Topic_20.xhtml">Dee</a> was killed by a man named <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a> when he started to threaten him and people he cares about. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_20.xhtml">Dee</a> showed up as a ghost to <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a>, he was worried his little brother was going to be killed by his Step Brother <a href="Topic_21.xhtml">Tyrone</a> (Ty). <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a> said he would help get Dyson to his <a href="Topic_71.xhtml">Uncle Owen</a>. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Seemingly Unrelated <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Xenori</a> was looking into the homeless getting stabbed. She chased a lead into an abandoned building and was captured by thousands of spiders. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">When she woke up she was at <a href="Topic_27.xhtml">Gas Works Park</a> with a homeless teenager named <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">Dyron</a>. She couldn’t see and <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">Dyron</a> helped her escape, but not before they were attacked by a werespider (aka <a href="Topic_72.xhtml">Ananasi</a> or <a href="Topic_134.xhtml">Spider Lady</a>).</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a> and <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Xenori</a> get <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">Dyron</a> to <a href="Topic_71.xhtml">Uncle Owen</a>. On doing so they were attacked by <a href="Topic_22.xhtml">Duces 8</a>. <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">Dyron</a> was shot in the head, died, but came back to life. He was able to aggressively heal. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">They have made their way to CA. </p>
      <p class="contents ">There may be more to this Front, but the part of the story with Dee and Dyron is complete.</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F5 - Faces and Places: </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">Dyron</a>
        </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_20.xhtml">Dee</a>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_21.xhtml">Tyrone</a>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Uncle Owen (yeah I know how that sounds, I honestly only realized on 01/07/2020)</p>
      <h2 class="section1">Front 6</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F6 - Title: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle45">Survivors Guilt</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">* This Front is connected to “The Breath-Taking Court Case”</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F6 - Description: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Trent was walking down the street when a body almost fell on him. He barely got out of the way in time. Unable to shake this scene Trent looked into who the person was and found his name to be Manel. Reaching out for family Trent found that he had a sister, Violet, attending college at Washington University. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">After visiting with her Violet was convinced that Manel was not suicidal, but his death is being reported as such. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Violet has a boyfriend, but he gives a funny vibe to Trent and Xenori. A quick background check found him to be clean.</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F6 - Faces and Places: </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_68.xhtml">Violet</a>
        </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Larry</a>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_60.xhtml">Manel</a>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_67.xhtml">University of Washington</a>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_24.xhtml">Ugly Mug Cafe</a>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Front 7</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F7 - Title: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle45">Items of Seattle</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F7 - Description: </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_61.xhtml">Susan</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents "> was looking for lost items that she believes have found their way into Seattle. She has tracked down a </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_58.xhtml">Diadem</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents ">. This was worn by Ancient Female Egyptian Warriors who were buried with royalty to protect them. She tracked it down and it is currently at a Pawn Shop, but the owner isn’t selling.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Vic</a> took it from the owner, but it is not widely known that he is in possession of it.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The items missing are Bracelets, Belt, and Rings (two of them)</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Vic may know where the Bracelets are.</p>
      <h2 class="section1">Front 8</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F8 - Title: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle45">Werespiders in Seattle</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F8 - Description: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Xenori and Dyron were taken by werespiders.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Xenori was looking into the homeless getting stabbed. She chased a lead into an abandoned building and was captured by thousands of spiders. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">When she woke up she was at Gas Works Park with a homeless teenager named Dyron. She couldn’t see and Dyron helped her escape, but not before they were attacked by a werespider (aka Ananasi or Spider Lady).</p>
      <h2 class="section1">Storyteller Planning</h2>
    </section>
    <script type="text/javascript">includeHTML();</script>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">Prev</td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_87.xhtml">00 Game Overview</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_135.xhtml">The Party Sheet</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>