<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>00 Game Overview</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_87">00 Game Overview</header>
    <nav include-html="index.xhtml"/>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Overview</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Consent: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle18">Most importantly</span>
        <span class="contents ">: This is a game. If it is not fun, I do not want to run it and you would not want to play it. </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle18">Darkness </span>
        <span class="contents ">can be fun, but there is a line and I hope I have enough of your trust to not cross it, but </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle22">NEVER </span>
        <span class="contents ">hesitate to tell me if I do. I believe in Consent in Gaming and I want to list out exactly what can happen in a WoD game. Any tough subject is usually handled with thoughtfulness, BUT as a straight, white, Christian, cis-male… I will probably make a misstep. If I do please give me the chance to apologize and course correct. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The following game is rated R. There is going to be action and fighting against antagonist with complicated motives. There will be magick and rituals and more. There may be car chases, fire fights, bar fights, breaking into places, and Michael Bay explosions. There should be a lot of fun scenes.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">But there <span class="rwStyle22">will </span>also be dark scenes. I do not hold back too much on certain things: Monsters that prey on children (<span class="rwStyle2">with caution as I know I have multiple parents in my game</span>), on-screen drug abuse (<span class="rwStyle2">and the results of abuse</span>), suicide, murder, torture, domestic violence, cannibalism, mental illness (<span class="rwStyle2">with sensitivity</span>), and other such mature subject matter may show up in the game. If there are any issues, please speak to me privately and I will make sure I sugar coat whatever subject matter you need me to. I do not need an explanation; I will completely understand.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">If anyone says “<span class="rwStyle40">X Card</span>” or <span class="rwStyle18">&quot;Safe Word&quot;</span> that means a line has been hit, we close the scene, and we take an off camera break. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">I have never had to use this, but it is here for anyone, for any reason, no explanation required. If comfortable, please let me know what misstep happened so I can avoid it in the future, otherwise I may assume the wrong thing and I really don't want to.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">If you're in my game that means I care about you, your social safety, and comfort. I have this consent to start an open and safe conversation. Please let me know if you have concerns.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
    </section>
    <footer class="topicFooter">
      <h2 class="childTopicsHeader">Child Topics</h2>
      <ul class="childTopicsList">
        <li class="childTopicsEntry">
          <a href="Topic_123.xhtml">Fronts</a>
        </li>
        <li class="childTopicsEntry">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">The Party Sheet</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </footer>
    <script type="text/javascript">includeHTML();</script>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_86.xhtml">01 Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Up</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_88.xhtml">Player Characters</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>