<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Fronts</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_129">Fronts</header>
    <nav include-html="index.xhtml"/>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Game Overview</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Concept: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle23">If you had the power of a god, what would you do with it? And what would it do to you? Remember, all Magick has a price. Are you willing to pay it?</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The cost of magick can be high: madness, death, corruption, and damnation. Mage the Ascension is part of the grim World of Darkness (WoD). WoD is a horror story. It is a game about having hope, and slowly having that hope taken away from you. </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <br/>For Rating and Consent see 00 Game Overview</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Theme: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle49">Consensual Reality is Changing</span>
        <span class="contents "> - Due to so many people subscribing to the belief of the Fake News, Flat Earthers, not believing in Climate Science, Vaccines cause autism, Holocaust never happened, and even more real things that have no grounding in reality, this is changing the Consensual Reality and causing glitches in magick. Sometimes Paradox happens with Coincidental Effects, but sometimes it doesn’t happen with Vulgar Effects. It is hard to predict, and the bubbles of shifting reality do not stay in one place for long. No one knows why this is happening in Seattle or how many other places it is happening. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Threat: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle49">The </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle49">
          <a href="Topic_40.xhtml">Technocracy</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle49"> are Relentless</span>
        <span class="contents "> – Most places the Technocracy has been laying low and not bothering the Traditions for many years, but in recent years the Technocracy hasn’t been going out of their way to take out Reality Deviants, but when one “gets in their way” they have no problem removing the delinquent. The rise in attacks seems to not be officially sanctioned. The contacts within the Technocracy claim to know nothing about it and deny their involvement with the accused. Unfortunately, there isn’t a truce when mages give cause for other groups to attack, such as thievery, assault, divulging secrets, and more. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle23">Keep in mind, with the Fronts below that some of them should be combined, and some of them only partially link up. As we continue this list will keep getting additional information added to it until the Front is completed.</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Front 2</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F2 - Title: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle41">Vampire Turf War</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F2 - Description: </span>
        <span class="contents ">At </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_55.xhtml">Trinity Nightclub</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents "> there has been a death. A person not yet 21 by the name of Bernard, died of exsanguination, but “officially” of a drug overdose. This started a war between two faction of </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_13.xhtml">Vampires</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents "> and it is going to get worse. </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_121.xhtml">Agent Blair</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents ">, an agent within one of the divisions of the </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_40.xhtml">Technocracy</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents ">, offered aid to help bring the killer to justice.</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Front 3</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F3 - Title: </span>
        <span class="contents ">??????</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F3 - Description: </span>
        <span class="contents ">The characters rescued Hope Walsh from the Euthanitoi (for now). For a long while now the Man in the Newspaper has been controlling her, but for what end, is unknown. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The protagonist need to get Hope off the hit list. But there is something different about her, and it is still unclear if she is still a danger. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Has the Man in the Newspaper released her? Will he return? What is next? </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Front 6</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F6 - Title: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle41">Survivors Guilt</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">* This Front is connected to “The Breath-Taking Court Case”</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F6 - Description: </span>
        <span class="contents ">Trent was walking down the street when a body almost fell on him. He barely got out of the way in time. Unable to shake this scene Trent looked into who the person was and found his name to be Manel. Reaching out for family Trent found that he had a sister, Violet, attending college at Washington University. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">After visiting with her Violet was convinced that Manel was not suicidal, but his death is being reported as such. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Violet has a boyfriend, but he gives a funny vibe to Trent and Xenori. A quick background check found him to be clean.</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F6 - Faces and Places: </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_68.xhtml">Violet</a>
        </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_132.xhtml">Larry</a>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_60.xhtml">Manel</a>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_67.xhtml">University of Washington</a>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_24.xhtml">Ugly Mug Cafe</a>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Front 7</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F7 - Title: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle41">Items of Seattle</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F7 - Description: </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_61.xhtml">Susan</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents "> was looking for lost items that she believes have found their way into Seattle. She has tracked down a </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_58.xhtml">Diadem</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents ">. This was worn by Ancient Female Egyptian Warriors who were buried with royalty to protect them. She tracked it down and it is currently at a Pawn Shop, but the owner isn’t selling.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Vic</a> took it from the owner, but it is not widely known that he is in possession of it.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The items missing are Bracelets, Belt, and Rings (two of them)</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Vic</a> may know where the Bracelets are.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Evangeline Asked Vic for the Diadem. She is going on a heist in the underworld. </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Front 8</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F8 - Title: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle41">Werespiders in Seattle</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F8 - Description: </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Xenori</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents "> and </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">Dyron</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents "> were taken by werespiders.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Xenori</a> was looking into the homeless getting stabbed. She chased a lead into an abandoned building and was captured by thousands of spiders. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">When she woke up she was at <a href="Topic_27.xhtml">Gas Works Park</a> with a homeless teenager named <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">Dyron</a>. She couldn’t see and <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">Dyron</a> helped her escape, but not before they were attacked by a werespider (aka <a href="Topic_73.xhtml">Ananasi</a> or <a href="Topic_142.xhtml">Spider Lady</a>).</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Later Xenori had a memory of the spiders ripping open Dyron and crawling inside him, pouring inside, and pulling parts out. </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Front 1</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F1 - Title: </span>
        <span class="contents  rwStyle41">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Dumus Genetics</a>
        </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">F1 - Description: </span>
        <span class="contents ">They had information Sani was hired to destroy. With the help of Vic and a little hacking by Xenori, they were able to fully infiltrate the lab and get to their servers. They got to the server room and with a little magick, the servers were no more. <br/>
        </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Xenori was contacted recently by her friend in the Virtual Adepts, Olavi, who gave her a data chip saying there may be something up her ally on here. People in Seattle are going missing. They sign up for drug trials and are never seen again. The circuit trail seems to lead back to Dumus Genetics.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Storyteller Planning</h2>
    </section>
    <script type="text/javascript">includeHTML();</script>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">Prev</td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">00 Game Overview</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_143.xhtml">The Party Sheet</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>