<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 02</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_18">Game 02</header>
    <nav include-html="index.xhtml"/>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Overview</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Real World Date: </span>
        <span class="contents ">05/22/2020</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">TLDR</h2>
      <ul class="contents  rwStyle19">
        <span class="snippet_label">Summary: </span>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle40">While <span class="rwStyle17">
            <a href="Topic_11.xhtml">Our Heroes</a>
          </span> were traveling <ul class="contents  rwStyle19">
            <li class="contents  rwStyle13">Up ahead there were vultures circling, Autumn points this out to the group</li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle13">
              <span class="rwStyle25">
                <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Zhen</a>
              </span> ran ahead of us to scope out what the issues is</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle40">
          <a href="Topic_11.xhtml">Our Heroes</a> discovered an Orc ambushed before it was too late<ul class="contents  rwStyle19">
            <li class="contents  rwStyle13">They together to bring down the <span class="rwStyle25">
                <a href="Topic_24.xhtml">orcs</a>
              </span>.</li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle13">After the <a href="Topic_24.xhtml">Orcs</a> were defeated <span class="rwStyle25">
                <a href="Topic_14.xhtml">Vyn</a>
              </span> searched the <a href="Topic_24.xhtml">Orcs</a> for religious symbols<ul class="contents  rwStyle19">
                <li class="contents  rwStyle40">They worshiped <span class="rwStyle17">
                    <a href="Topic_20.xhtml">Rovagug</a>
                  </span> – god of destruction<ul class="contents  rwStyle19">
                    <li class="contents  rwStyle13">One Orc was wearing a wooden stick soaked in blood. </li>
                  </ul>
                </li>
              </ul>
            </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle13">In the Wagon there was a dead half elf.<ul class="contents  rwStyle19">
                <li class="contents  rwStyle40">He had a Coper medallion for the god <span class="rwStyle17">
                    <a href="Topic_21.xhtml">Cayden Cailean</a>
                  </span>.</li>
              </ul>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <p class="contents "> </p>
      </ul>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Loot Found: </span>
        <span class="contents ">3 shoddy breastplates, 3 knuckle daggers, 1 breastplate, 1 short sword, 1 neck chopper, 12 javelins, 5 gold, 25 silver, 30 copper</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">Zhen took the 12 Javelins and Our Heros split the coins</p>
      <p class="contents ">We need to sell: 3 shoddy breastplates, 3 knuckle daggers, 1 breastplate, 1 short sword, 1 neck chopper</p>
      <h2 class="section1">Game Notes</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle24">Day Two - Date: unknown (still); Location: </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24">
          <a href="Topic_29.xhtml">White Ridge</a>
        </span>
        <br/>
        <br/>
        <span class="rwStyle24">I am still not clear on my location. I do know that the closest village is called </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24">
          <a href="Topic_29.xhtml">White Ridge</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24">. A rough and tumble lumber town. There was only one location for us to find a place to stay in. I was able to find lodging for myself, So, and Gae. However, I am getting ahead of myself. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle24"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle24">On the road to this village, we encountered an ambush. A broken wagon blocked the road and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24">
          <a href="Topic_24.xhtml">orcs</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24"> laid in wait to the side. Fortunately we had the honorable Kami, Princess </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24">
          <a href="Topic_15.xhtml">Autumn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24">. She was able to determine by simply observing the birds that trouble laid before. She ordered a stop to the caravan and the heroes I traveled with bravely went forth. I was honored to follow them and witness their skills. Foolishly, I moved into the woods but </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24">
          <a href="Topic_14.xhtml">Vyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24">
          <a href="Topic_27.xhtml">Luca</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24"> moved in to point out the ambush and saved me. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle24"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle24">It was amazing to watch them work. Vyx was shouting and singing and even though we faced ferocious </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24">
          <a href="Topic_24.xhtml">orcs</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24">, I couldn’t help but smile at the confidence she portrayed. I was very nervous and thus fumbled around before the lessons of my sifu took over. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24">
          <a href="Topic_27.xhtml">Luca</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24"> was very quick to move and engage with the obvious leader. I’m glad he was there. An orc up in a tree clobbered me with some javelins and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24">
          <a href="Topic_14.xhtml">Vyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24"> was there in an instant to heal me. I must confess that his blessing, “May you hold to Death” was a little unnerving, but his blessings were much appreciated. It was fascinating to watch him and Vyx simply order the spirits to cast the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24">
          <a href="Topic_24.xhtml">orcs</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24"> own weapons against them. I was very impressed with the Kami whose bird spirit flashed all across the battlefield even while she called upon the powers of ice and frost, freezing the enemy where they stood.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle24"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle24">All the violence clashing around me was most distressing. Even more so, when the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24">
          <a href="Topic_24.xhtml">orcs</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24"> were mortally wounded. Their eyes would wash over in blood and they would simply ignore their wounds even as their life blood spilled out all around them and on us. I tried my best to stand with the heroes but I found myself scrambling for my life. The fight ended with Vyx facing the leader with the Kami’s owl spirit. Both the orc leader and Vyx were struck down by each other. I’ve only read of such adventures. Seeing them is so much more scarier. Fortunately the Kami was able to tend to her wounds. Then, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24">
          <a href="Topic_14.xhtml">Vyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24"> communed with the Kami of the lands (or perhaps the ancestors?). They restored us and thanked us for banishing the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24">
          <a href="Topic_24.xhtml">orcs</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24">. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle24">After the fight, I was saddened to discover the body of a half-elf that had been murdered. We gave him a proper burial, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24">
          <a href="Topic_14.xhtml">Vyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24"> is very wise when it comes to funerary rites. We also burned the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24">
          <a href="Topic_24.xhtml">orcs</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle24"> on a pyre. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle24"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle24">All that to say, I was most relieved to have a bath when we got to the village. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle24"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle24">I must also find a way to make better tea, if for no other reason than to thank the Heroes for keeping me and the entire caravan safe. I am unsure what to do now, but I am confident I will survive long enough to form a plan. </span>
        <br/>
        <br/>
        <span class="rwStyle9">A vicious enemy is better countered by the cooperation of one’s allies rather than the steel in one’s shirt. </span>
      </p>
    </section>
    <script type="text/javascript">includeHTML();</script>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_17.xhtml">Game 01</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_9.xhtml">01 Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_25.xhtml">Game 04</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>