<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 01</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_17">Game 01</header>
    <nav include-html="index.xhtml"/>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Overview</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Real World Date: </span>
        <span class="contents ">05/14/2020</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">TLDR</h2>
      <ul class="contents  rwStyle10">
        <span class="snippet_label">Summary: </span>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle29">
          <span class="rwStyle36">
            <a href="Topic_15.xhtml">Autumn</a>
          </span>
          <span class="rwStyle36">, </span>
          <span class="rwStyle36">
            <a href="Topic_25.xhtml">Luca</a>
          </span>
          <span class="rwStyle36">, </span>
          <span class="rwStyle36">
            <a href="Topic_14.xhtml">Vyn</a>
          </span>
          <span class="rwStyle36">, and </span>
          <span class="rwStyle36">
            <a href="Topic_16.xhtml">Vzx</a>
          </span>
          <span class="rwStyle36"> were heading to a small town by the name of </span>
          <span class="rwStyle36">
            <a href="Topic_27.xhtml">White Ridge</a>
          </span>
          <ul class="contents  rwStyle10">
            <li class="contents  rwStyle11">
              <span class="rwStyle36">
                <a href="Topic_27.xhtml">White Ridge</a>
              </span>
              <span class="rwStyle36"> is a small boondock town </span>
            </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle11">
              <span class="rwStyle36">They have been traveling for 2-3 days and have about 1 more. </span>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle29">
          <span class="rwStyle36">
            <a href="Topic_26.xhtml">Zhen</a>
          </span>
          <span class="rwStyle36"> appears in front of Our Heroes being dragged by a large Ox and chased by a Dog</span>
          <ul class="contents  rwStyle10">
            <li class="contents  rwStyle11">
              <span class="rwStyle36">The heroes jump to action to try to rescue him from these massive </span>
              <span class="rwStyle36">creatures</span>
              <span class="rwStyle36">. </span>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle29">
          <span class="rwStyle36">Turns out it was a misunderstanding. </span>
          <span class="rwStyle36">
            <a href="Topic_26.xhtml">Zhen</a>
          </span>
          <span class="rwStyle36"> is unclear how he came to this new land.</span>
          <ul class="contents  rwStyle10">
            <li class="contents  rwStyle11">
              <span class="rwStyle36">After introductions Our Heroes continued on to town. </span>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <h2 class="section1">Game Notes</h2>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle3">
        <span class="rwStyle27">The Journal of Nimol Zhen - Date: unknown; Location: Unknown</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle3">
        <span class="rwStyle13">If found, please return it and the OX (and I suppose the dog) to Master Wan-bi, of the Order of the Kirin. His order can be located in the City of Goka. A great reward will await you if you return the Ox and the things it carries. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle1">
        <span class="rwStyle6"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle18">
        <span class="rwStyle37">Day One -</span>
        <span class="rwStyle30"/>
        <span class="rwStyle36">
          <br/>                I have landed in a land that should not be. Or maybe I shouldn’t be? Regardless, I am not sure what to do. We were traveling along the north road out of Zum Kollan, the vast volcanoes still visible in the distance. I was not clear on the mission; I am not of the rank or importance to warrant such information. It was very early morning; the sun had not yet risen. There was an attack, at least I presume it was. Things happened so fast I was not prepared. Perhaps others weren’t prepared, but I feel like I should have been. Instead, I was trying to chase one of my master’s dogs away from the Water Buffalo. The stupid dog loves to nip its heels (hoves?). While I was trying to take care of that, there was light, lightening, loud noises, screams, and the Water Buffalo took off. I heard cries of “Oni'', “to arms'' and the clashing of steel and thunder. I would like to say I was trying to do a good job and protect the animals, but I must confess my sleeve was caught on the saddlebag. At some point the flashing occurred beneath me. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle18">
        <span class="rwStyle36">                I knew something was wrong. In an instant, the sun was out, and it was late in the day.  Also, instead of lush grasslands around us with volcanoes and jungles behind us, the land was different. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle18">
        <span class="rwStyle36">                I was assisted by a handful of travelers journeying with a caravan. I was confirmed I was someplace far away from my master Sifu when only one person spoke a very broken Tien. They all spoke Taldane. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle16">
        <span class="rwStyle36">Two of whom, I assumed, were father and son. I was very wrong. The small one, Quavyn or Vyn, is a gnome. He is in fact very old, but like the elves or dwarfs, he does not show his age. He is on a mission from his homeland. He seems like a person that I could have some good conversations with. The taller man, a human named Luca, is a scholar or crafter (perhaps an alchemist?). He is very smart, but I wonder if he will suffer from the presumption of knowledge that so many scholars do. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle16">
        <span class="rwStyle36">There was also a goblin, Vix (Vzx?) Foxes(?) . She is apparently a very famous performer from a circus. She is an acrobat, musician, and front man (not sure what that means). She seems intent on expanding her “band” and was very insistent knowing what I or anyone can do. There was some problem with language and for a while she was convinced, I served the Ox and/or the Dog. I explained that they belonged to my Sifu, (every time I used the word master, she was convinced I was enslaved). I do not think she is convinced that the dog is still not somehow in control. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle16">
        <span class="rwStyle36">The final one I met was a Kami. She calls herself Princess Autumn Moonbeam, Royal Leshy of the Enchanted Forest. I was beset with fear and emotions. I had never personally interacted with a Kami, so I was unclear as to the protocol. She is very relaxed in her attitude and I must confess she seems very juvenile in her manners. She is quick to tell people that she is seeking aid for her people and land. Were I not on a dire mission I would certainly aid her. She was unconvinced of the nature I observed about her, but she meets all the qualities. I suspect her forest is not the same as the Forest of Spirits. Perhaps her being away from her home and source of power is affecting her mind. She is still a worthy companion and once I return my Master’s Sifu’s items, I will ask his permission to assist her. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle16">
        <span class="rwStyle36">All four of these people seem of a unique sort, very brave and eager to get involved and generally concerned with others. They are an inspiration. I do not yet know where I am, if I am even in the Dragon Empire or in some other world. I feel fortunate I met them and feel safer with such people to protect me and the things I travel with.  </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle34">
        <span class="rwStyle36">As a final note, I have decided that I will try to record the lessons I have learned and meditate on them as Iro-Shu has instructed.<br/>
          <br/>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle5">The difference between a day’s complication and a day’s possibility often lies in those you meet befriend.</span>
      </p>
    </section>
    <script type="text/javascript">includeHTML();</script>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">Prev</td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_9.xhtml">01 Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_18.xhtml">Game 02</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>