<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Tyelknowle Downtimes</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_162">Tyelknowle Downtimes</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Stories</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle85">Downtimes FB 06</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The church of Tymora had many ways of earning blessings (normally in the form of coins). They have ties with the Harpers faction, as many Harpers give blessings to Lady Luck. The Harpers served the church well over the years and the church would normally return their blessings with gifts of magical items. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The Church would also sell some magical items such as potions, scrolls, and glowstones. This helped bring a portion of income into Tymora's organization. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> would sometimes have duty helping make potions and glowstones. Clerics often would be given this task since they understood how the spells, that went into making these components, worked. Scrolls were normally given to more seasoned clerics, as there could be dangerous effects from failing to properly making a scroll. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The Church of Tymora has a ritual where they send their clerics out on a holy mission. They are to spread the word and do good things for others and The Lady Who Smiles may return their kindness. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_103.xhtml">Jurras Bigglesworth</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was holding a sack and the clerics who chose to go on this holy mission were lined up. Each one would reach into this back and pull out a stone. Written on the stone was a message and the Cleric was to interpret it and head on their journey. Many times the stone had 1 or 2 words and a direction. The Clerics didn't know where they were going till they got there. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The message was in Elvin. It read &quot;Family&quot; and the stone was marked to the south. Ty packed his things and started heading south. He visited many places and meet many people, but nothing felt right. Jurras said &quot;You will know when you find it.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty would know. He arrived in a small village and the whole village seemed dismayed, but trying to get anyone to talk was difficult. Ty finally cornered a local and convinced him to spill what is going on. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;if anyone knew I was talking to a foreigner, I would be hung.&quot; the baker said to Ty. &quot;The town has been invaded by mud men. They are forcing many of us to work for their temple. If we speak they hang the person who spoke and 3 of the taken. Please, just go. I don't want anyone hurt.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty let the man go as he didn't want to endanger him any further. Ty knew this was his mission. These Families were in trouble, and he knew he could help. Ty used his talents of being a rogue to observe and find what he could do. Ty knew it was just a few days ride to Baldurs gate from here and there were some Harper contacts he could get some help from.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty left town and found a rider to deliver a message. Ty knew the right words to say so very few people would understand. Rogues have a language all of their own and it has been a while since Ty has had to use Thieves Cant, but he remembers it well. He knew a contact in town that would be able to get the right people. Hopefully, they will be able to get the message to the right people in time.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty watched town for a few more days till he saw some thugs come into town. He hated not acting, but Ty knew the bigger picture was to find where they are keeping the slaves. He followed the slavers back to their base of operations. As Ty was leaving to go back to leave a message for the Harpers (well hopefully) Ty was surprised by running into another guy. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Anger flooded both of their faces. These two had history. Across from Ty was a man by the name of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">Expo</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. He caused a lot of problems for Ty and his clan back in the day. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">Expo</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> fell in love and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> joined </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">Expo</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> gang of highwaymen. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">Expo</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> said in a whisper, &quot;What are you doing here? I thought you left the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_135.xhtml">Mud-Bloods</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty replied, &quot;I did, what are you doing here?&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">Expo</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">: &quot;</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, isn't that why you're here?&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty: &quot;</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">? She is here?&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">Expo</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> said in a low tone, &quot;Don't play with me.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty shushed him and nodded for </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">Expo</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> to follow. After they got a good distance Ty spoke, &quot;I am looking into the rumor of slavers. I had no idea that </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was here.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">Expo</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> looking like he is not really believing Ty said, &quot;Come on, you're here coincidently?&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty responded, &quot;I am here by the luck of Tymora.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">Expo</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> rolled his eyes, but couldn't deny he needed help. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> filled </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">Expo</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> in on the plan. They went back to the location where Ty was to meet with the Harpers. They were not there. Ty left a marker with a message to let the Harpers know where the camp was. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">Expo</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> told Ty, &quot;I have men. We can take them.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty: &quot;I am not interested in working with criminals.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">Expo</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">: &quot;Don't you follow a god of coincidence? People are in trouble and you need more than just yourself to save them. I have those people. We can get them out.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty not seeing any other option reluctantly agreed. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">When they invaded the slavers camp, they were not expecting what they saw. The mud men were powerful sorcerers with earth magic. The Highwaymen took incredible losses. Ty and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">Expo</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> ran into the cave where they were keeping the slaves. They had to bust into one of the leaders offices to find the keys.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty found them and they ran out to release the slaves. Ty and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">Expo</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> had to fight a few guards and Ty felt the blessing of Tymora because this was dangerous and a little stupid, but it is for all the right reasons. Ty and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">Expo</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> opened up the gates and started releasing the chains. The slaves started fighting other guards for their freedoms. Ty found </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and released her chain.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> started to ask &quot;What are you…&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty: &quot;No time, let's go.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">They ran. They got out of there. The highwaymen and the slaves all ran. If they stayed in the camp the mud men would kill every last one of them. On the road Ty, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">Expo</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and few others were blocked by a wall of earth. They turned to fight and heard a rumbling. Even the earth mages stopped. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Crashing through the wall making Ty, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">Expo</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and the others jump out of the way where men riding on great mounts. There was an army with the emblem of a silver moon and a harp. &quot;They got the message.&quot; Ty thought. &quot;The harpers are here.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The battle was fought and won by the good, but during the battle Ty saw </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">Expo</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> grab </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. Ty could see </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> look back at him and could read her lips, &quot;help me&quot;.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty jumped to action and got to do something he has been waiting a long time for. He kicked the snot out of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">Expo</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. Ty didn't kill him, but did tie him up.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty returned with </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> to the church in Baldurs Gate. She was hurt pretty bad. She explained to him that &quot;</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">Expo</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> wanted to break into the mud men's camp to steal something magical, but he needed me to activate it.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty thinking back to the night, remembers </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">Expo</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> riffling through stuff in the office, but thought he was looking for the keys. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_137.xhtml">Expo</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> probably stole something then. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The next day Ty packed up and started his Journey back home. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> wished him well and promised to try and stay out of trouble. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle34">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Practice Profession: Earned 10gp for the 5 days, since Ty was working for an organization. He also picked up 1.8gp in tips and donations. Since this was FBDT money earned must be reduced by lifestyles cost first. So 6.8 will be added to the bank (church funds). </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle34">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Rites: The random adventure ritual will earn 1d6 days of inspiration when you wake. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Gaining Renown: For helping bring down a camp of slavers Ty earns Renown with The Church of Tymora. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle85">Downtimes 05</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle90">Ty sat staring at the paper intently. Jurras and Mycan, high priest of Tymora, stood back waiting.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle90"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle90">&quot;Not all people have talent in such things Mr. Bigglesworth. Elf or not, it is something people just...&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle90"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle90">&quot;Mycan, please. I have a good feeling about him.&quot; Jurras was only barely listening to the priest. He had a hint of a smile and he kept rubbing his ample girth as was his habit. The High priest on the other hand seemed very worried. He didn't like disappointing such a generous donor. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle90"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle90">The elf suddenly looked up, &quot;I don't know if I'll remember all the history behind it, but is this what you wanted?&quot; He flicked his hands in a very precise way, saying the prayer as he remembered it and the coin on the table lit up with soft glow. Six sets of eyes widened and Jurras let out a triumphant laugh. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle90"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle90">&quot;My child, you can read all the history and theory you want, but when Tymora approves of your action, it will show.&quot; Jurras as elated. He knew </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle90"> would excel in the church. He had skills only priest of Tymora could appreciate and he had a thirst for knowledge and adventure.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle90"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle90"> smiled. Mycan nodded his head and lead the young elf to his new novice chamber. He had talent and now he could be taught to use it for good.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle90"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle90"> spent his days following the orders of the upper clergy in very simply but religiously significant tasks. He spent his nights reading taking advantage of the fact he only needed four hours of rest. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle90"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle90">His favorites were magic theory, history, and languages. He would show he had more talent than even they thought. Books became like family to him. He would have his mouse Burt sit with him, marking his place or bringing him little snacks. He would then try to explain to Burt what he had learned. For months, the biggest complaint anyone made of him was that he would leave others looking for text that Ty had squirreled away. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle15"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle7">Storyteller addition:</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle15">Ty found a book by chance (is there such a thing in Tymora's temple?) on magical creatures. The entry was from another journal. A legendary fighter from the Harpers, Romos Acco, talked about a time he and a man named </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15"> Urnrayle were chasing after an elemental spirit that was called &quot;the mountain that walks&quot;. The creature was sort of a legend, no one was really sure if he existed. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15"> Invited Romos to help find this creature. Romos was sort of an expert on this elemental. He told the stories that have been pasted down from Bard to Bard. From mixing everything that is known or told, the creature should not be hard to find. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle15"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle15">It is described to be 50 feet tall, with green crystal growths protruding from his body, he is a bipedal monster, and he crushes everything in his path. After years of searching and almost giving up </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15"> and Romos found it. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">, against Romos wishes, snuck up to the creature while it was sleeping, and casted a spell that tore a chunk off of the creature. He collected it in a portal and the two ran. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15">
          <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle15"> and Romos both barely survived. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle15"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle15">Once Romos returned with more Harpers to bring down the creature, it was gone and left no trace to track it. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle15"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle15">Rewards:</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle15">History has improved (10/150) Cost: 6gp. This gold is a cost for helping maintain the temple. Donations earned while traveling and such to the church. (oop: proficiencies cost 1gp a day.)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle85">Downtimes 04</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> is recently in </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. He knows these adventurers, maybe one of them can get him a little work. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> lets Ty start working with him. He tells him he is working on making some Brew. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty shows up at the location </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> gave him and he throws him some gloves and cleaning supplies and says &quot;let's get started.&quot; It took a day to clean up some of this old junk, but they finally got it done. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The next day Ty assisted </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> in making a keg of ale. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> would send Ty out to get supplies and ask him to check on some things here and there. Honestly Ty really didn't know what he was doing, but </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was pretty good at giving instructions so </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> could follow them. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">One day being out at the market </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> say a half orc vender: </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> “Orc Fingers! Get your Orc Fingers! I got em fresh for ye!” Kids would try and sneak off with some from the cart. Most of the time they were caught by </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, but a couple times they would succeed. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> would see them once it is too late and he would shake his fist at them and say “I gonna tell ye mum.” Then he would chuckle. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> noticed it was a game with the children. If the children were caught they would pay up, but if they succeeded they won a pickle, err Orc Finger, for free. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">It was actually kind of fun watching the kids try. It was most impressive when </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> saw </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and some girl talking to the half orc. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was looking right at the girl and she snuck out two pickles right under his nose. Now </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was kind of a simple creature, but he wasn't blind. She was just good. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">When they left Ty saw </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and the girl wave back to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and show off they won pickles. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was surprised, but what Ty found most amazing is that the girl slipped a few coins in Grunds pocket. Ty didn't even notice her do this. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The rest of the week Ty helped with what he could for </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. He also spared a little with the group. There was one match against </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> where Ty and Bert played a little trick on her. Bert and Ty threw </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> off by sending Bert crawling up her leg. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> found herself on her back with a cute little mouse was staring in her face. &quot;Hey look Bael'Ru, you pinned her.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">At the end of the week </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> gave Ty his share. It was late. He gave him a bag and said he did well. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> told Ty he would see him tomorrow at breakfast and wished him goodnight. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle34">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Practicing a Profession (10): earn 10gp.</span>
      </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_161.xhtml">Barikhol Downtimes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_144.xhtml">Character Downtimes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_163.xhtml">Rowena Downtimes</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>