<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 12&amp;13</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_88">Game 12&amp;13</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Game Day</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Game Date: </span>
        <span class="contents ">1/14/2017</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">In Play Date:: </span>
        <span class="contents ">(10) Marpenoth 18, 1491</span>
        <span class="contents ">;</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">TLDR</h2>
      <p class="contents ">• Ty recruits the <a href="Topic_135.xhtml">Mud-Bloods</a> to rescue the heroes. </p>
      <p class="contents ">• The Heroes, locked in a earth prison, are undergoing torture to try and be convinced to join the Earth Cult</p>
      <p class="contents ">• The <a href="Topic_135.xhtml">Mud-Bloods</a> have to fight some scary Orogs and an Orc</p>
      <p class="contents ">• They free the Heroes and some slaves</p>
      <p class="contents ">• They are now running form the Monastery being chased by others in the order. </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Detailed Entry</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">At the Mud-blood camp, people in the crowd start noticing the two visitors talking to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. A couple more approached. These two seemed to recognize one of the visitors, Ty. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty explained the problem about how his friends were captured and he needs their help. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_135.xhtml">Mud-Bloods</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> were eager to help, but they themselves were in a bit of a survival problem. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> said she will go and two others who knew Ty volunteered, but </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> ordered others to say with the camp, they take priority. They set off the next morning. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle89">Back at the Earth Prison:</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The three were locked up in a cell. There were two other cells with prisoners in them. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> thought he may have enough strength to escape. He tried porting out, but stepping outside the prison he landed in what felt like quicksand. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The sand drug him back through the rocks and back into the cell. It was extremely painful and he almost suffocated. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;Heh Heh Heh Heh.&quot; a large creature said. &quot;This place was designed by Earth Mages. Good luck getting past their traps.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Hours turned into days, Days turned into Weeks, Weeks turned in to forever. The monsters didn't give time for the prisoners to recover from wounds or rest. They took shifts mining paths. They would be taken near a lava pit and would have to lay there till they would pass out from the pain. They would be beaten, whipped, made to suffocate in quicksand, and more. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_141.xhtml">Hellenrae</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> would visit the heroes. She would try and convince them to join the Earth order. &quot;Look, I don't want to kill you down here in the mines. This is no place for you. Serve me and I can make your lives so much better. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, you already have Earth Magic in you. I can help you control it better. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, Wouldn't you rather have your powers not from a source that will defeat you in the end? </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, your monk training is nearly as matched as mine. I can teach you way more than your Genasi Master could. Take the Earths Promise and I will free you from this cell.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> spat on her. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_141.xhtml">Hellenrae</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was pissed. The heroes could see her trying to compose herself. &quot;Fine. Let me know when you're ready.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The pain didn't let up. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> got to the point where she couldn't take it anymore. It has been said that sometimes when people are in captivity, their brains shut down. They go somewhere else. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was visited by </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_136.xhtml">Odert</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. The bard dwarf living in her consciousness. &quot;Lass. Let me take over for a little bit. I can handle this.&quot; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> trying to protect him acted strong, but </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_136.xhtml">Odert</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> reminder her, &quot;We share the same mind. I can see right through you. I want to help. When I can't do it anymore, you take over.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> finally agreed and was whisked away to Castle Keep. Here she was at home, but something was different. The library wasn't clean, it didn't have the right smell. It sounded weird even. Then she saw something else in the library. No one else has ever been in her head world before. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">She chased down the creature and found it was a fox. It was lost and scared. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> noticed the fox's ears. They matched her ears perfectly. She reached up to touch her ears and in the real world </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_136.xhtml">Odert</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> did the same thing. Except when she and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_136.xhtml">Odert</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> touched her ears, they were different somehow. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> knew the fox was dying and she also knew there was nothing she could do. So she just held it and kept telling it. &quot;It's ok. It's ok. I got you.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_136.xhtml">Odert</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> sniffed and scratched his eyes before trying to get a few minutes of sleep.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">{If any of you wondered why I didn't find time to type last games notes. I didn't want to relive this moment.}</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">One day a slave was thrown into the cell. He looked at the heroes and started to laugh. The party didn't recognize him at first. He spoke in a deep voice. &quot;Of course you're here. You campions of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> can't keep your noses out of other people's business. I see your dwarf friend is still alive.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">At this point the heroes have all recognized him. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, the earth mage from </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. He looks like he has seen better days. &quot;Where is your human and your elf?&quot; he said smugly up to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> unloaded what little strength he had and started punching </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> over and over in the face. Barakhol and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_136.xhtml">Odert</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> gave each other a look before finally pulling </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> up before he killed </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> would have pulled away before </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> died, but </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> doesn't need to know that. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_135.xhtml">mud-bloods</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and Ty's friend </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> traveled back to the Stone Monastery. After scouting the place they picked the lock on the back door and traveled into the garden.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The garden was full of statues. Some of them angelic like, but others of all different races. The statues were too real, and a couple heroes think they may have once been alive. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Trying to escape this room is when the heroes got attacked by two gargoyles. After dispensing of them, they snuck into a room where they found a man working by candle light. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">After surprising him by a knife to the back, the man pleaded for his life. &quot;Look! I am here against my will. They use me to study magic. I don't want to do that for these monsters! Please don't kill me. Just let me be and I will pretend I never saw you.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The heroes chose not to buy that and asked him where they keep the prisoners. The man drew them a map. They also took him with them. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Down in the stairs they entered a room where </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> could sense the undead. The </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_135.xhtml">Mud-bloods</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> got ready and tore into the room. The zombies were no match for this crew. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;What is on the other side of this door?&quot; one of the half-elves asked.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;It is their pet Umber Hulk. He guards the things they collect.&quot; the scared man replies. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty took one of his pitons and make sure that door wasn't going to open.  </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_43.xhtml">Otho</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> took a look at the door leading into the cave and informed the rest of the group. This door is stuck. It is going to be loud when we open it. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty casted a silence spell. &quot;ok, try now.&quot; he mouthed. Everyone was already looking around since all the sound went out of the cave. They looked at Ty who was grinning with his new trick.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;Cool.&quot; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> mouthed and nodded at </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_43.xhtml">Otho</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_44.xhtml">Ander</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> to bust open the door. Ty signed in thieves cant to let him and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_43.xhtml">Otho</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> scout ahead. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Going out into the hall they ran across these snake like creatures with tentacles and they also ran across these fungi things with tentacles. They also found a Orog guarding some slaves. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty went back to let the others know. The group objected &quot;We are losing our luck down here. Eventually someone will come by.&quot; They decided to sneak down so they can come around the back. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> came out and tightened up his equipment so he wouldn't make too much noise sneaking through these caves. When he went to pick up his shield, he dropped it and it did that metal rattling over and over as it spins to a stop on the ground. &quot;You think they heard that?&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The door across from them came flying open and an Orog screamed something in Ogre as an arrow flew strait at him. It hit him and they started a fight. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">In this fight there was 3 orogs and 1 ogre. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> charged to blocked the door and the Orog kicked him back to get into the hall. The Ogre squeezed through the door and was swinging his massive club. The other two Orogs ran around back and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_43.xhtml">Otho</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> had to hide. He snuck around the other side barely missing the other Orog who was guarding the slaves. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">They were running around the outside to flank the heroes from the side. Also, they couldn't fit through the door. This is a design flaw of the dungeon and should be reconsidered while they have slaves to do the work.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The heroes continued to fight the Ogre and the Orog. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_43.xhtml">Otho</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> snuck around and attacked the Orog that was following up the rear. He hit him twice and leaped back and ducked out of sight. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_43.xhtml">Otho</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> threw a rock and the Orog followed the sound. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_43.xhtml">Otho</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> jumped out again and stabbed him twice, but didn't get away this time. The Orog knocked him off balance with his great axe. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_43.xhtml">Otho</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> took a quick Jab at the Orog and disappeared into the cave again. &quot;How does this little man do this?&quot; he questioned in Ogre. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The rest of the heroes took up against the flank, finishing off the Ogre and the Orog just in time. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> were holding off the Orogs when they were hit by a couple unlucky hits. Ty was there to pull them back and get them up to health. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_43.xhtml">Otho</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> appeared behind the Orog that he kept pestering and placed his dagger right through his spine. With a pop, the Orog went down. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_44.xhtml">Ander</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> snuck into the Ogre's room to find the key after finding it he ran down to the slaves pin. He freed them and said &quot;We need to go.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The pins next to the one where he saved the others had other slaves in them. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_44.xhtml">Ander</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> looked at them and thought, &quot;There isn't time.&quot; He threw them the keys and started to go. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Barakhol said &quot;No, we can't just leave them.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was already running over to retrieve the keys and open the cells. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_44.xhtml">Ander</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> rolling his eyes, &quot;Hurry up.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The slaves were weak and tired, but they ran as best they could. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty ran and got the other slaves that were mining in the cave and they ran too. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Once they got outside, they made a break for the tree line. From behind them they heard &quot;They went this way! Get them!&quot;</span>
      </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Game 15</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_87.xhtml">Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_165.xhtml">Game 27</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>