<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 23 - 26</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_166">Game 23 - 26</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Detailed Entry</h2>
      <p class="contents ">What happened between then and now. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">If you’re reading along our adventure. There was a time where life was too overwhelming for me to take good notes. Here is the cliff notes section of what happened. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">After the battle at <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Mirabar</a>, the heroes shared some time with the citizens. They met a druid by the name of <a href="Topic_222.xhtml">Haza</a> who was heading south to a druid ritual. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The ritual turned out to not be what the druids thought. The ritual was going to turn into a sacrifice by the <a href="Topic_198.xhtml">Cult of the Eternal Flame</a>. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The heroes stepped in and fought a very powerful summoned fire elemental. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> was tasked to kill <a href="Topic_225.xhtml">Elizar</a>, a fire mage, by his patron, but failed to be the one that ended his life. <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> was the one that brought down the fire mage. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The moon turned full and <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> went through his change. He became a wereboar and the heroes where overwhelmed. They ran and <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> rampaged.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">(Side story)</p>
      <p class="contents ">Barihol wakes up the next day, naked with other naked people. After quick introductions they are all wereboars cursed by the same man. They have accepted their curse and can control their change at night on a full moon. They haven't gotten to a point where they can change at will.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">They take <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> back to their camp and he meets the alpha. The only reason <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> goes is because there are so many of them and it is kind of intimidating. He is a terrible person and they do terrible things. Something happens and he tells <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> to do something terrible. <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>’s instincts actually try to compel him to do it, but his monk training kicks in and he resist. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> fights the Alpha and... long story short, <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> is the alpha now.</p>
      <p class="contents ">(/end side story)</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The heroes searched for <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> for a couple months, but couldn’t find him. One day while in <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a> they looked up and a floating mountain was hovering near the Feathergale Spires. The heroes went to investigate and found <a href="Topic_57.xhtml">Thurl</a> Merosska dying. It turns out <a href="Topic_57.xhtml">Thurl</a> was a double agent. He was spying on the <a href="Topic_199.xhtml">Cult of the Howling Hatred</a> for Waterdeep. He told the heroes of such and gave them what they needed to get up to the mountain. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The heroes kind of own flying mounts now, and they went to the mountain to attack. This was a dungeon and there were monsters. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">But in the throne room is where everything went down. You see one of the rooms the heroes found a fairy named <a href="Topic_227.xhtml">Leaf</a>. <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a> (one of the deceased <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">heroes of Red Larch</a>) was a friend of Leafs. <a href="Topic_227.xhtml">Leaf</a> was very loyal to <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>, but things happened and he was captured. <a href="Topic_227.xhtml">Leaf</a> never got to tell <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a> the truth.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">When the heroes made it to the throne room, they were greeted by <a href="Topic_60.xhtml">Aerisi</a> and <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Bastian</a>. <a href="Topic_60.xhtml">Aerisi</a> lead the <a href="Topic_199.xhtml">Cult of the Howling Hatred</a>. <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Bastian</a> was a bit surprised the <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">Heroes of Red Larch</a> made it. <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Bastian</a> is a cruel man, and his name is feared around the <a href="Topic_105.xhtml">Sword Coast</a>, but not many have seen his face. <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> knew what he looked like because of <a href="Topic_136.xhtml">Odert</a> inside her head. <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>, knew <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Bastian</a> for another reason. <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Bastian</a> was Armonds patron. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Bastian</a> ordered <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> to defend <a href="Topic_60.xhtml">Aerisi</a> with his life and not to allow a scratch to land on her. <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> tried to game the system and <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Bastian</a> ordered one of his guards to strike her to make <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> fail. When <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Bastian</a> gave <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> another command <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> resisted. “I will not turn against my friends.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Bastian</a> said to him, “Then let’s see how you do without me.” <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> felt his power leave him and he attacked. They fought and then off of reflex <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> raised his arm to Eldritch Blast <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Bastian</a>. A green light flew from his hand and struck <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Bastian</a> twice knocking him back. “How? This is impossible.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_227.xhtml">Leaf</a> said “<a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> serves another now. My queen will be his patron, as long as that is ok…” <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> nodded and <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Bastian</a> ran. <a href="Topic_60.xhtml">Aerisi</a> fell and the Genie that was keeping up the mountain was free. The mountain crashed in the Sumber Hills, in the <a href="Topic_5.xhtml">Dessarin Valley</a>. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The Heroes returned to <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_165.xhtml">Game 27</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_87.xhtml">Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_167.xhtml">Game 27.1</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>