<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 10.5</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_19">Game 10.5</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Game Day</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Game Date: </span>
        <span class="contents ">10/03/16</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">In Play Date:: </span>
        <span class="contents ">(5) Mirtul 08, 1491;</span>
        <span class="contents "/>
        <span class="contents ">(5) Mirtul 09, 1491;</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">TLDR</h2>
      <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The heroes regrouped to discuss their options.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">They decided fighting the <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_58.xhtml">Feathergale Knights</a>
          </span> was a bad idea, they better play along and see what they can get from Lord Commander <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_57.xhtml">Thurl</a>
          </span> Merosska. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_57.xhtml">Thurl</a>
          </span> gave the heroes information where The <a href="Topic_152.xhtml">Cult of the Black Earth</a> are hiding. It is a place called the <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_45.xhtml">Sacred Stone Monastery</a>
          </span>. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_57.xhtml">Thurl</a>
          </span> is hiding something.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The heroes traveled to the Monastery and setup watch.</li>
      </ul>
      <h2 class="section1">Detailed Entry</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The heroes came together in one of their rooms. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was inspecting the ring as </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was retelling the story of fighting the manticore. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">After, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> caught up the team in what they found. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The general consensus of the party is they do not trust the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_58.xhtml">Feathergale Knights</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. They feel the place is infiltrated by one of the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_64.xhtml">elemental cults</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. The problem is, they are quite out numbered. Picking a fight with the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_58.xhtml">Feathergale Knights</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and if they are bad, there are way more of them than the heroes. Their best bet is to go about their adventure and see if they can get anything from the Lord Commander </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_57.xhtml">Thurl</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> Merosska.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The party agreed to this and got some sleep for the night.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The next morning the heroes woke up to the break of dawn and the smell of wonderful food. Coming out of their rooms they saw the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_58.xhtml">Feathergale Knights</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> working to prepare for breakfast. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">One of the higher ranking knights was assigning duties. She looks over to the guest and asks &quot;You joining us for breakfast?&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">When the heroes nodded or spoke that they were, she tells them &quot;Great, everyone in the spire has a job, even the guest.&quot; Then she assigns them some tasks to do. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> got to go work in the kitchen. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> got to go work with the hippogriffs. The rest of the heroes got assigned random duties. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Once food was prepared and out everyone came together and ate. The heroes noticed that most of the knights at the table, we unarmed. They were not even being cautious of their visitors anymore. The knights welcomed and initiated conversation. People told stories of their homes, politics, loved ones, and more. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">After the meal, everyone went back to their duties. The Lord Commander asked the heroes to join him in his chambers. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ty and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> noticed the letter was no longer visible when entering. The Lord Commanders chambers was pristine. Everything had a place and everything was perfectly clean. This is a soldier that takes great care of his living quarters and this may give some insight to his expectations of his fellow knight's quarters. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Merosska motions everyone to take a seat, there seems to be enough places for everyone. &quot;It looks like you all are ready to get back out there. I want you to know there is always a welcomed room for you here at the spire.&quot; He entertains questions from the heroes.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">[If there are any questions you may have thought about after game or before next game let me know and I will get them answered.]</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The Lord Commander talks with the heroes on sharing knowledge about the cults. He is most disturbed when they mention the delegation was attacked by air. He tells the heroes that 5 of his men have gone missing and 2 of them so far have turned up naked and dead. He is afraid </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_67.xhtml">the air cult</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> has robbed them and going around as </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_58.xhtml">Feathergale Knights</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. He mentions that he has a group already looking into that angle and hopefully will know more soon. [anyone skilled in Insight knows he is hiding something]</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;I told you that Feathergale would try to aid the heroes of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> in anyway it can. Here is something I got, that I can't act on right now. I have been informed of a hideout of the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">The Earth Cult</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">…&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">[everyone got a free insight check vs deception here. Even tho this isn't a lie, this is deception. He is telling 100% truth here, but he is hiding where he got this info. Since you all already know the truth there is a good chance you all would have passed (well maybe not Pappy's dice) a deception check with advantage. The Truth (or at least you suspect) is he was told this by &quot;his queen </span>
        <span class="rwStyle3">
          <a href="Topic_60.xhtml">Aerisi</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle3"> Kalinoth</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> knows this name very well (please see </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">Downtimes 1 and 5</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> if Rick forgot). The storyteller is continuing assuming you are sticking to the plan of not outing him.]</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;… The place is called the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle3">
          <a href="Topic_45.xhtml">Sacred Stone Monastery</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. What my spies have gathered is this place has been taken over by the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">The Earth Cult</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. There has been sightings of Mud Sorcerers entering this Monastery. If you learn anything about the Black </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">The Earth Cult</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, please come back and share it with me so I can relay it to Waterdeep. They have taken a keen interest in this new cult rising since the attacks are growing more predominant.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Merosska draws a map for the heroes and sends them on their way. The Monastaery is hidden to the south east of the spire. It is roughly a full days walk. Once they arrived the heroes found a spot that they are far enough away to scout the monastery without being seen. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The heroes spend some time collecting information. During the day there seems to be more activity than at night. It is kind of hard to tell since most of the shutters on their windows are closed, but it is possible to see the glow of torches at night, and it seems very low on activity. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">While setting up a place to camp, since they are going to be here for a little while, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> takes a moment to give a teaching lesson to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. &quot;Do ye smell that?&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, &quot;Aye. Is that a wine?&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> replies, &quot;No, but I can see why ye think so. 'Tis brandy, but I doubt dey let der fruit distill long enough, which is what would make it smell like wine. Either dey are amateurs or dey are purposefully making it cheap.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> went off to scout out the monastery. Ty counted 13 exterior windows that appeared locked, 4 doors, and possibly roof access. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> noticed they send guards on patrol every 45 minutes to 75 minutes. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The adventure will start with the heroes getting back together to tell each other what they have found. </span>
      </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_18.xhtml">Game 10</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_87.xhtml">Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_20.xhtml">Game 11</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>