<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 15</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_142">Game 15</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Overview</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Description: </span>
        <span class="contents ">The heroes should learn more about the cults from the shrine. </span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Challenges</h2>
      <p class="contents ">The heroes are currently traveling to the <a href="Topic_71.xhtml">Vale of Dancing Waters</a>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">During the trip <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a> will talk to Ty</p>
      <p class="contents ">- Once we drop you off I need to take <a href="Topic_43.xhtml">Otho</a> and <a href="Topic_44.xhtml">Ander</a> to Waterdeep. <a href="Topic_185.xhtml">Father Franz</a> has another mission for us. </p>
      <p class="contents ">- I am not sure of the mission. When I was healing I would do some task for him every now and then. Once I returned to the <a href="Topic_135.xhtml">Mud-Bloods</a> I continued working for him. He is a good man. I feel I still owe him… and you. </p>
      <p class="contents ">Interrogating <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">- <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> will work with the heroes ONLY IF someone guarantees his freedom. They will need to convince him.</p>
      <p class="contents ">- <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a> will tell them he used to be a part of the <a href="Topic_152.xhtml">Cult of the Black Earth</a>, but his ideas had him removed. The cult wants to bring about the end of the world. With these powers we could control the world. I tried to get them to see reason, but I only was able to recruit 6 men, who you all put down. </p>
      <p class="contents ">- The caves of the <a href="Topic_45.xhtml">Sacred Stone Monastery</a> go much deeper. </p>
      <p class="contents ">At the Vale</p>
      <p class="contents "> When the heroes arrive at the <a href="Topic_71.xhtml">Vale of Dancing Waters</a> they are greeted again by <a href="Topic_207.xhtml">Thorke</a> the Dwarvin cleric. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“You all Again? I will give you a room out here, but that is the best I will do. You are not permitted in the Vale.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle85">Information:</span>
      </p>
      <ul start="1" class="contents  rwStyle52">
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">They know something of the Cults. The attack on <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_140.xhtml">Beliard</a>
          </span> about a month ago by <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Bastian</a>
          </span>. They are still recovering. We sent a couple healers and workers up there to try and do what we can. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">The earth cult</a>
          </span> has been kidnapping more and more people for slave work. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_69.xhtml">The water cult</a>
          </span> and <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_67.xhtml">the air cult</a>
          </span> went to war near Wormford</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_215.xhtml">Halli</a>
          </span>
          <span class="rwStyle49"> is a dwarf from the </span>
          <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_70.xhtml">Mirabar Delegation</a>
          </span>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="contents ">Back at <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>
      </p>
      <ul start="1" class="contents  rwStyle52">
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The heroes will be attacked by <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>
          </span>. He will be super excited to see them. “Many thought you were ded.”</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
          </span> will also see them. He will be excited to know they are still alive. “I have been keeping up with your tab at <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_107.xhtml">Swinging Sword</a>
          </span>.” He will want to know what has happened to them.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">Everyone in town will be very excited to see them.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_114.xhtml">Stannor</a>
          </span> will be looking for his horse and wagon.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_72.xhtml">Justran</a>
          </span> will serve them in when they arrive at the Healm at Highsun. </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="contents ">While in <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>
      </p>
      <ul start="1" class="contents  rwStyle52">
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
          </span> will get a messenger that someone is waiting for him at the town’s border. (Kid from the trials came to get <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">armond</a>) </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">When <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
          </span> gets out there he will see <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_25.xhtml">Harburk</a>
          </span> standing out there staring at someone. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">It will be a necromancer with two zombies chained to his back. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">He will pull back the hood and say. “Are you <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
          </span> the one who killed my son?” Oreioth (The <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">Lord of Lance Rock</a>
          </span>). </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">Do you have the dagger of Velsharron?</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">That dagger was never his own. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">I will return in one month, please have the knife for me.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">Where is my son? </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_25.xhtml">Harburk</a>
          </span> says: “We buried him. South of here, near (gives some landmark).”</li>
      </ul>
      <p class="contents ">Also While in <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a> at the end of the TenDay</p>
      <ul start="1" class="contents  rwStyle52">
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">Two, very attractive women come into town on a caravan. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The caravan is a known caravan that travels the long road, from Mirabar down to Waterdeep. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">They come into the Tavern and after a few drinks they say, “We need help. Our ship was hijacked and our crew was killed. The fuckers had a symbol that looks like this (and shows the symbol of the <a href="Topic_197.xhtml">Cult of the Crushing Wave</a>). Anyone know where we can get help or do we need to travel all the way down to Waterdeep?”</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">If we are to recruit you: You get half of the bounty, we will give you information where we were attack and where they were heading. Deal? </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">Where were you attacked? We were just about to enter into the Sumber Hills. When they attacked. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">Info: These dicks were sorcerers. They could control the water. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">Look, our ship is propabaly gone, but there was something on there that we really would like back. </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">Prev</td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Game 15</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">Next</td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>