<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Josephus Downtimes</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_160">Josephus Downtimes</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Stories</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle85">Downtimes FB 06</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was hammering the sign &quot;The Tip Toe Hearts&quot; down into the ground. &quot;Another stage another gold piece&quot; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> thought to himself. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> got pretty comfortable traveling with this performance group. They were kind to him, they paid well, and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> got to travel. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">They were in the town of Loudwater. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was looking around to see what he could do in the town. It was a nice little town, peaceful, clean, and the townsfolk seemed to always know everyone business. It wasn't by any means a small town, but is was smaller than most towns the group performs in. It was fun to listen to some people gossip when it wasn't cruel. Apparently, there was a girl in town who had ears of a fox. Not really sure what they meant </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> just laughed it off and continued to the middle of town. When he got there </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> saw there was an event going on, a fish cook-off. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> wanted to get in on this action. After looking over the rules and instructions, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> went back to the group, borrowed a fishing pole (but all they had was a spear), and went off to get his catch. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> had a nice catch and he went back to get to work on his meal. He caught a Lionfish and decided to do a Roasted Spear-Caught Lionfish. He went to the local market and picked up some fresh Island Clams to go with it. The rules said you just had to catch the fish, use what you got. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> put a lot of effort into this meal. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">While making it, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> found himself in a daze. He caught himself remembering a time spent with Leaf and Talin down by a river fishing and hanging out together with their feet dangling in the water. It was good times. It is funny how things happen. You think of someone and they appear. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> would commonly wish this was true with Leaf. He wasn't even sure if Leaf was still alive. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> spun around to grab some supplies and saw a note in his bag. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">It was small writing, but </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> could read it. It was in Orcish, but the handwriting was slightly elvish:</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle3">I'm alive</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle3">It wasn't me</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle3">I wish I could have been fishing with you too</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle3">Destroy this note</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">There is only one person this note could be from, but why did he leave </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> a note? Why didn't he come talk to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">?</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">There were three chefs, the one in the middle was a large man, who didn't say a word the entire time. He would take a bite, make a note, and nod. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> saw his name card &quot;Fishal&quot;.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The voting happened and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> won. When </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was called up to the stage he was shaking the mayors hand and getting congratulations from everyone when </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> felt a sharp pain in his stomach. &quot;Did I eat something bad?&quot; The crowd must have noticed too, because there were gasp of shock. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> looked down and saw he had a crossbow bolt hanging out of him. &quot;How did that get there?&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Looking out into the crowd </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> saw a man in a cloak pull his hood a little tighter and disappear into the crowd. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Two days later </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> woke up in the temple. A nurse saw him stir, &quot;Careful now, you don't want to aggravate your wounds.&quot; she helped him sit up. &quot;You're going to want to take it easy for a couple days, the healer said nothing serious got punctured so you should recover quickly. You're quite luck… sorry. I guess from your point of view getting hit with a bolt isn't lucky.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">After </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> recovered he talked with The Tip Toe Hearts and collected his winnings. He was going to take some time off to hunt down who tried to kill him. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle89">Practice Profession (15 days)</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">: FBDT characters earn just the tip from the gold earned. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> earnings was 15 and the tip was 2.7gp. This will be added to your bank. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle85">Downtime 05</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was helping a group called the Tip Toe Hearts set up stage. They paid him well traveling with them, and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> had further to go. He didn't mind waiting around in a new town for a couple days for the group to put on their show. The group was trust worthy and good company. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> needed good company. During his quiet moments </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> can still see his men choking and dying from the nightshade. So </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> tries not to have too many quiet times. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The work was more difficult today because it was raining. This shit is hard enough to setup in perfect outdoors conditions, but add in being wet, stepping in mud, and shivering from the cold and you are going to have a difficult day. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">It was worth it. That night was clear skies as the gods shined the stars and the moon down on them. Their performance was spectacular, as always. After the show the streets were full of patrons heading back to their homes or off to a tavern for a few more.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The next morning </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> woke to see some members of the troop a little distraught. After asking them what is worrying them, they told him about the attack last night. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> made his way to town and to the room where it happened. The local sheriff looked at him and one of the troop leaders told the sheriff, &quot;You can trust him. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> helps protect us.&quot; The sheriff and the troop leader must know each other, because the sheriff didn't hesitate in letting </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> in on what happened. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The sheriff briefs </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, &quot;I have heard rumors of this kind of attack. The downstairs neighbor told me that she heard someone playing what sounds like the pipes. There wasn't any other noise, but somehow the attacker tied a woman to the bed, and cut her open. If this doesn't give you the creeps, let me… are you ok around dead bodies?&quot; The sheriff asks. After a nod of assurance from </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> he continues, &quot;The victims face is not as expected.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">He shows </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> the woman. She was tied to the bed, naked, bloodied from being cut open, but her face was surprising. She had the look of pure pleasure. Like everything was perfect. This is more nerve racking then any death </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> has ever seen. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">In the room was a doctor inspecting the body. He tells the sheriff, &quot;She is missing some bones. They were removed. The way her body looks, this was done with finesses.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The sheriff tells </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, &quot;The killer is being call Windharrow. The only thing people have put together of him is that someone hears music coming from a pipe flute the night before the body is found. Take care of this troupe. They are my friends.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">After </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> left he reached into his pocket and pulled out the note he accidently lifted from one of his friends. &quot;By orders of General Zanther, I hereby command a soldier from {Still need Army Name} to execute Harald Grayspear aka Windharrow. Windharrow is a known cult member of the Cult of Howling Hatred and has been seen in the presence of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_60.xhtml">Aerisi</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> Kalinoth. This mission needs to be done under stealth.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">They traveled on and the troupe once again paid </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> for traveling with them. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Rewards:</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">1.6gp. Total earned that week was 11.6gp, but this is a flashback downtime and the only thing kept is the Tip. Gold is available for character</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle89">Downtime 04</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> wakes up the next morning and decides he is going to need some additional coin. He thinks it is about time he perfect Crumblecake.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Crumblecakes are moist loaves from nuts, chickpea mash, chopped roots and greens, turkey and wildfowl scraps, all baked together.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">They are bland at best, but they are nourishing. The original maker was actually on to something. One loaf could work as your rations for a very long trip. It gives you what you need to survive, but it doesn’t fulfill that pleasure sense of good food. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> stops into Mangobarl Lorren Bakery. His daughter is working behind the counter today with her father. Juli-anne meet the characters on their first trip into </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. She greets </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> when he comes in. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;if it isn't Mr Crumblecake!&quot; she says with a smile. &quot;Come to take another crack?&quot; Her father chuckles a little. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;Really it is a bland food, I don't think it can be made better. Why don't we cook something else?&quot; he says knowing </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> is the stubborn type. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> tells Magobarl, &quot;We are on to something. Nothing will last as long as a loaf of crumblecake, you have many visitors in the town and they are all on long travels. It is called the long road for a reason. If we can make Crumblecake at least palatable, people will want it, because it will last.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Juli-anne tells </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, &quot;ok… what can we do?&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">They go to work and start messing with many different things they have locally in the north. Juli-anne and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> go to the market together. While they are finishing up they meet </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> is a half or pickle vendor.  “Orc Fingers! Get your Orc Fingers! I got em fresh for ye!” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> noticed kids would try and sneak off with some from the cart. Most of the time they were caught by </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, but a couple times they would succeed. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> would see them once it is too late and he would shake his fist at them and say “I gonna tell ye mum.” Then he would chuckle. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> noticed it was a game. If the children were caught they would pay up, but if they succeeded they won a pickle, err Orc Finger, for free. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;Oh </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> you're never going to make a profit with this kids liberating your supplies.&quot; Juli-anne says to him.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;It OK. I know der mum and dads. They throw me a coin or two to make up for their boys a playing. They don't mean no harm.&quot; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> says. &quot;Would you like an orc finger?&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;You know it is kind of morbid you call them that, being…&quot; Juli-anne started.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;What?&quot; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> said &quot;Being what?&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;well…&quot; she replied &quot;being half orc.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;I am not. You take that back.&quot; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> says with a smile. &quot;You know I am more like two halfs orc. Which makes me closer to the human side.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> not being a math expert still feels this isn't right. &quot;Whatever you say.&quot; Juli-anne says as she nudges </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> to start moving along.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">As they start walking </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> feels Juli-anne reach for his hand. He looks down and sees that she is placing a pickle in his palm. She looks at </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> scandalously and takes a bite and turns around to tell </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> buy. &quot;Have a good day </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">.&quot; she says with a mouthful of pickle. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;What the? How did… Juli-anne I know where you work!&quot; he says laughing. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">She pats her side &quot;Check your pockets!&quot; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> does and he pulls out a few coins. &quot;You stay sharp and maybe you will catch me next time.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">They get back to the shop and start baking. This went on for a few days when finally they hit it. They make a batch that actually has some taste. It is by no means great, but it isn't terrible. The selling point is it will last longer than any loaf of bread. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Mangobarl Lorren taste it and tells </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> that he thinks he can sell this. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">A couple days later </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> come back into the shop to see how it did. Mangobarl Lorren pulls out some coins and says, &quot;Here is your share. Thank you for the help.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Practice Profession 10: earn 10 gp</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle85">Downtime FB 02</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">During some point while </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> is adventuring off to find </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> decides to adventure off to try and earn some coin. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> is a grand cook, from the first time he lad his hands on a wooden spoon he knew that it was only natural. At some point in his life he realized that being in a kitchen wasn’t enough and this lead him on to become an adventurer. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> told </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> that he was going to head to Waterdeep for a couple weeks and he is welcome to join him if he wants to. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, having nothing better to do and wanting to find a temple to pray at, decided to join him. The journey took a couple of days and along the way they stayed at a couple inns. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> noticed that the roads were much more dangerous these days than they have been. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Once </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> arrived in WaterDeep he set off looking for employment. It took a few restaurants that turned him down before he found ‘The Codfather’. There was a sign that read, “need cook with skills”. A man on the inside explained that their normal, world renowned, cook has had an unexpected death in the family and had to travel. The owner, Mr Fishal, will meet </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> in the kitchen. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> doesn’t normally get to work with seafood and took this as a unique challenge. Before getting started he walked the kitchen familiarizing himself with everything. The owner watched him quizzically while </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> would do things like tap on a pan or test the flames from the grill.  </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> pulled out many different samples of foods and would take a small taste of a few he was unfamiliar with. After about 10 minutes of this </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> said “I am ready.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">He got started gathering, mixing, preheating, seasoning, and arranging. By this time a few other kitchen staff stood around to watch him work. A waiter saw what was happening and went to get a table and chair for the owner. A few staff members started taking notes and asking questions, trying to keep them brief to not disturb this new cook. Finally, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> finished his dish and started to bring it to the table, when a staff member stepped in front of him stopping his progress. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">It was a young girl around the age of 19. She takes the tongs out of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> hands, moves somethings around on the plate, grabs a flower, and places it on the plate. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> had a tough time looking away from this girl. She had the most beautiful face that he has seen in a very long time. When he finally looked in the almost awkward moment of silence </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> could see that by adding this garnish and rearranging the food she drastically improved the appearance of his dish. Seeing the look on </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> face of understanding the girl smiled and kindly moved out of the way. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> placed the plate in front of the owner and he stared at it for a very long time. He sniffed it, spun it, stood up and walked around the table to see it from other angles. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> has never had his food appraised so precisely in his life, and never this much before someone actually taking a bite. The worst part is the owner never said a word. Not one word from the moment they stepped into the kitchen. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> about to say something to break the silence was nudged by the cute girl. Taking a look at her and the girl not looking back at him he could see the most imperceptible shake of the head. The owner took his first bite, stood up, and walked out of the kitchen. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> truly thinking he has screwed up. He said nothing. Not one thing. This was the rudest he has experience that he can remember. He could have at least told him what it is that he wanted. At this moment everyone started to clap. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> obviously confused looks around trying to make sense of all this. “He didn’t tell you to get out. That means you got the job. My name is Joane, we should get started preparing what is for dinner.” Joane is exceptionally beautiful, with brown hair and dark amber eyes. She is wearing her kitchen uniform, but has a neckless with a cog shaped locket that dangles on her chess. Joane speaks with a timid voice, but walks with confidence.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">One night during dinner </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was cleaning up and saw a tab for a familiar name. A man by the name of “Harald Grayspear” apparently had eaten here (See Downtime 01). After </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> shift he tried to see if he could find out more information on Grayspear, but he apparently already left town. The rest of the week, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> couldn’t prove it, but he felt like someone was watching him. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The rest of the week working in the kitchen was amazing, but all good things come to an end. The previous cook returned and was very gracious for </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> taking over the kitchen. They told </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> anytime he is back in Waterdeep to come by. Joane gave </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> her contact information, and said to look her up when he is back in town.  </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">[Rick what happened with you and Joane is completely up to you.]</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">[</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was paid for the week, but since this is FBDT the money gain has been spent except for any overage of 1gp found buried in your coin purse]</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle85">Downtime FB 01</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was venturing along the terrain when he stumbled across a camp of people. They kindly invited him to join their gathering. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> told them he was looking for work and they explained that he is in luck. They are traveling and are in need a person who can cook. They have been surviving off of rations for about 10 days and they do not wish to continue eating this crap.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> took this job and ventured to [enter location] with them. They were a kind group, a theatre group. They were traveling to do a play. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> got to watch and enjoy their performances of this princess that was put through test before she could marry the queens son. It was a sort of comedy.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">One night while preparing a meal, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> found in his bag a note that didn't belong to him. He must have gathered it up from the camp where his companions… well he doesn't want to think about that. It must have been one of theirs. Curiosity got the best of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and he read it. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">It was one of his friends. They had a mission that they were to arrest a male half elf that goes by the name of Windharrow. His true name is Harald Grayspear. He is a minstrel and is in the services of a person by the name of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_60.xhtml">Aerisi</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> Kalinoth. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> arrived safely in [enter location] with the group. They said if you ever are in a location where the Tip Toe Hearts are performing. Come find us and we will get you awesome seats. They gave </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> some coin and wished him well.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">[add 1 gp 95 silver to your overall inventory]</span>
      </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_159.xhtml">Armond Downtimes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_144.xhtml">Character Downtimes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_161.xhtml">Barikhol Downtimes</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>