<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 27.1</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_167">Game 27.1</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Detailed Entry</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle85">The Devastation Orbs</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The heroes wait for 3 days and then take off north. They mount their (flying mounts) and headed towards Triboar. Once they landed and got settled in they were approached by a man on horseback “Ohoy! I am looking for a <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>?” A male half-elf from a far is standing at a fruit vendor and looks over at the name <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>. He waves and goes about his business. The half-elf looks kind of familiar, but it is hard to place who he is. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">After a brief hesitation <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> steps up, “I am he. Wut can I do fur ye?” The man on horse back looks at something then hands <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> a letter. The letter is from <a href="Topic_212.xhtml">Teria</a>. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“Hello my sweet. We are on our way, please stay put. We can absolutely help with this, but we also need your help. We will explain more once we arrive.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The heroes took a tour of the town, met some locals, and found shelter for the night. During certain times of the year the town is actually a bit lively during the night. There are bards setup in the streets, multiple taverns to visit, and pretty much any kind of shop one could think of. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Four men in uniform come walking up to the heroes. The symbol on their chest consist of 3 black boars with a red background. The lead officer approaches one of the heroes and keeps his voice low to not cause a scene. The heroes get a sense this is common practice. Their whole time here they haven’t seen too much commotion for a large city. It is probably an appearance thing, the city wants to operate like it is always in control. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“I have been asked to escort you to the presence of Lady Shendrel.” The guards are not hostel and the heroes nod to follow along. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">They take everyone through some backroads and into the rear of a business. On entering this place is a back room for what appears to be a winery. There is a large round table and sitting at it is an aged beautiful female that holds herself like an adventurer. She stands up and says “Thank you for coming. I have been wanting to meet with you. I am Lady Shendrel the Lord Protector of Triboar. I am honored to meet the <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">Heroes of Red Larch</a>. Many bards have told your stories and many songs have been sung in your honor.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Behind her, is the half-elf the heroes saw in the market buying some fruit. “I would like to introduce you to Grevor…” On saying the name, this strikes most of the heroes memories “… you rescued him from <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">the earth cult</a>. Not many made it out alive, but he did. And we are thankful of your rescue.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Grevor was in the cells across from where the <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">heroes of Red Larch</a> where held. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“Please have a seat.” Once the heroes do servers come out to the table and lay down some wine and some food. Once introductions and niceties have been made, Lady Shendrel says “You are welcomed in this town and you are under my protection while you’re here, but I would be lying if I didn’t say I was concerned by your presence. Usually in the stories when you show up, this means the cults are nearby. Are we in danger?”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The heroes contemplate for a moment before <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> speaks up, “Lady Shendrel, I hope your town isn’t in danger, but there is some cult activity near here and we have come to investigate. I wish to tell you more, but I can’t. We mean you no disrespect, but there is no further information I can give.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Lady Shendrel pushes “My guards can be of great assistance if they knew what you were looking for we could aid you.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> replies, “If we knew we would share.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Lady Shendrel sits up in here seat, “Sir <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>, I offered you protection in my city, and offer my aid, there is no reason for you to lie to me.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> tried to recall where his messed up. This was a simple lie, that shouldn’t have raised suspicion. Then he saw that his fairy companion was glowing a different shade of blue. “Well you’re going to be difficult to work with.” <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> muttered to the <a href="Topic_227.xhtml">Leaf</a>. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“You’re right, and I am sorry.” <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> begins, “You see, trust is a difficult thing for my companions and I to freely give. We want to accept you at your word, as it would be really nice, but here is the thing. If the cult could infiltrate Waterdeep, they could do it anywhere.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Shock. The heroes spoted shock in Lady’s Shendrels eyes. It didn’t touch her face, she is very diplomatic, but it was there. Which is good, the only people that knew of the infiltration in Waterdeep was the Mudbloods and <a href="Topic_212.xhtml">Teria</a>’s and <a href="Topic_218.xhtml">Sesa</a>’s father Lord Bonnet. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">At this moment many people came walking into the Winery. There was <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>, <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>, <a href="Topic_44.xhtml">Ander</a>, two water genasi the heroes didn’t know, <a href="Topic_218.xhtml">Sesa</a>, and <a href="Topic_212.xhtml">Teria</a>. “Hello mother.” <a href="Topic_212.xhtml">Teria</a> said “I see you have met my friends.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“She did kno.” <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> said under his breath. “Ye were shocked that we knu.” <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> said to Lady Shendrel.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_212.xhtml">Teria</a> plants a kiss on the top of <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>’s head, “Technically, no one knows this, because it never happened.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_212.xhtml">Teria</a> and <a href="Topic_218.xhtml">Sesa</a> gave their mother a warm embrace and then <a href="Topic_212.xhtml">Teria</a> says “we need to get to work.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The mudbloods, <a href="Topic_212.xhtml">Teria</a> and <a href="Topic_218.xhtml">Sesa</a>, Lady Shendrel, and the <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">Heroes of Red Larch</a> start sharing information. The <a href="Topic_168.xhtml">Devastation Orbs</a> in Yartar isn’t the only one. The Mudbloods have been following trails of these weapons for a few tendays. There are many across the <a href="Topic_105.xhtml">sword coast</a>. The cults are losing and they plan on detonating them. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">After the loss of the Air Queen, they are desperate. We can no longer stop them alone. So here is the plan…</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">{Montage of events over the next couple years}</p>
      <p class="contents ">Andar and <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> are in waterdeep parkouring from one building to the next. They get over a sun window and watch a group of cultist holding a meeting. The moment they see the dark blue orb, Andar reaches into his pouch and pulls a smoke bomb and lights it. They dive into the room and begin to trade blows. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>, <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>, <a href="Topic_207.xhtml">Thorke</a> (a monk of the <a href="Topic_71.xhtml">Vale of Dancing Waters</a>), and <a href="Topic_222.xhtml">Haza</a> (the dwarven druid the heroes met on the way to the fire cults summoning). They are at the <a href="Topic_71.xhtml">Vale of Dancing Waters</a>. Earth Cult mages taken this place over and ran out the monks. In the cavernous entrance the heroes take their stand. <a href="Topic_222.xhtml">Haza</a> turns into a bear and slams a cult mage into the wall. While another one leaps to attack her from behind, <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> sends a greenish blue light to blast the attacker off her back. <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> sweeps up a couple mages into her earth hand then blasts them with fire. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>, <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>, <a href="Topic_1.xhtml">Zummy</a> (Grunds sister), <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>, and <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a> are seen being ambushed on the Stone Bridge by air genasies. The heroes hold their own, <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> gets blasted off the bridge and gets caught one of the gryphon mounts. This wasn’t an ambush, it was a setup. Flying from the sky are the <a href="Topic_58.xhtml">Feathergale Knights</a> (The real ones) swooping in for a rare on the air cultist. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">There is a scene where <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> is locked in the <a href="Topic_45.xhtml">Sacred Stone Monastery</a>. <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> is in there on the outside of the cell. “Just make it through this night, and we can try again.” Bone breaking sounds can be heard from inside the cell as <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> shifts. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">Heroes of Red Larch</a> are walking up to <a href="Topic_140.xhtml">Beliard</a>. It has been turned to ash. They walk through the town, but there were no survivors. <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a> buries <a href="Topic_139.xhtml">Victoria</a> (A Lady of Sune). <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> buries <a href="Topic_55.xhtml">Eann</a> (the farmer who saw the Cult of Howling Hatred posing as the <a href="Topic_58.xhtml">Feathergale Knights</a>) and his family. The town was devastated with a Fire Orb. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>, <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>, <a href="Topic_212.xhtml">Teria</a>, <a href="Topic_218.xhtml">Sesa</a>, and many mudbloods are fighting from ship to ship. <a href="Topic_92.xhtml">Shoalar</a> is on board and his ship is losing. Once defeated, he gives up the Orb and distracts the heroes to run away. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">A battle field lit by fire and moonlight. Many heroes from the <a href="Topic_105.xhtml">sword coast</a> have come to join in the fight against <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Bastian</a> and his army. The <a href="Topic_105.xhtml">Sword coast</a> seems to be losing, when out of the woods everyone hears a roar. Not just one roar, but many roars. The <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">heroes of Red Larch</a> all look up to see the moon is full tonight. Then out of the tree cover 10 werecreatures come charging out lead by <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> in his wereboar form. They start tearing through the army. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Deep in the caves <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>, <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>, <a href="Topic_34.xhtml">Brother Eardon</a>, <a href="Topic_43.xhtml">Otho</a>, and <a href="Topic_44.xhtml">Ander</a> are fighting drow. During the battle <a href="Topic_44.xhtml">Ander</a> fell due to a well-placed arrow. The heroes pressed on but <a href="Topic_43.xhtml">Otho</a> stayed behind with <a href="Topic_44.xhtml">Ander</a>. They find a room and the carvings on the wall are of a map that lead to a place called Fane of the Eye. Marked on the map is a symbol of <a href="Topic_22.xhtml">The Evil Eye</a>. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The next adventure begins with The Protectors of the Coast meeting in the <a href="Topic_196.xhtml">Feathergale Spire</a>. Everyone is looking over this copy of the map, and no one knows where it is from. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_166.xhtml">Game 23 - 26</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_87.xhtml">Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_171.xhtml">Game 28.0 (Last Two Years)</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>