<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Tyelknowle Collaborative Adventure</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_151">Tyelknowle Collaborative Adventure</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Stories</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Heroes:: </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents ">, </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="contents ">, </span>
        <span class="contents ">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> walked slowly but surely along the long dusty road. He reflected on the events that had brought him to this, his first pilgrimage. He hadn’t realized how much he longed for the open road and maybe even the woodlands. It seemed like a lifetime ago since he and his family had been free. Frequently at night he would dream about saving them, but he had no real idea where to start. Even if he knew where they had been captured it had been decades and he couldn’t be sure they were there. He had to trust that Tymora would guide the way if it was to be. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">’s keen eyes spotted a person running towards him on the normally lonely road and he was instantly on guard. He glanced around noting likely hiding spots but couldn’t make out any good ambush locations. Regardless, he pulled out his rapier and patted the daggers he kept up sleeves just to be sure they would slide if he needed them. The runner turned out to be a young human, probably early adolescent as humans judged years, his clothes were torn and he was running in fear, something </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> was very familiar with. The young man fell to his knees begging for help. His family had been set upon by bandits. There were at least five of them and his father was already wounded, maybe dead. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> reassured the young human that he would help, though he wasn’t sure what he could do against so many. Perhaps he could wait till they left and try to heal the survivors. Regardless, he made his way to the spot in the woods. He quickly outpaced the boy who was calling out for him to wait. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> try to shush him but simply decided to hide in the woods and sneak up to observe the scene. Sure enough there were five brutish looking thugs, a man laying on the ground bleeding, a woman struggling with something, also hurt but conscious and another boy, much younger than the runner, crying over the man’s body. They obviously needed help but so did </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> if he wanted to be of any use. “Tymora, I need a little luck here…”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle64">Being that he was alone (other than the young human he just encountered), </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle64"> knew that he had to either fight or scare off the bandits on his own. With the element of surprise and the Luck of Tymora on his side, he drew his weapon and prepared to charge in like a lightening quick tornado of death when suddenly the broad head of an arrow burst through the back of the bandit! The force of the arrow's impact threw the bandit backwards towards </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle64">'s hiding place. The bandit, not comprehending what just happened, died with a look of utter shock and bewilderment on his face. In a flash, another human was upon the bandits sweeping his glaive through a second bandit. The first human, with the bow, was taking aim at a third bandit, when suddenly the bandit grabbed the boy's mother and held her in front of him with a wicked looking dagger at her throat. The bandit's back was to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle64">. &quot;Drop the bow! You and your friend leave or I'll kill her!!&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle48">FLASHBACK: Weeks prior, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle48"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle48"> were commissioned to stop a band of bandits that have been attacking caravans along the highway. Since then, they had been tracking down the group of bandits responsible for the slew of robberies. Every time </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle48"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle48"> thought that had caught up to the bandits they had already moved camp a night or two before. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle48">THAT AFTERNOON: Wearily </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle48"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle48"> followed the bandit’s tracks through the woods. As they stopped to rest, they heard a commotion. As they went to investigate, low and behold, they had found the bandits, still in the midst of another robbery. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle48"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle48"> also noticed that an elf had stalked up on the bandits. Seeing that he was a little outnumbered, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle48"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle48"> decide to even the odds. Moving closer </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle48"> could see that the bandits were starting to get frustrated with an older woman. They assumed she was the mother and was refusing to give the bandits her wedding ring telling them it was from her mother. Fearing for the family's safety, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle48"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle48"> had to act quickly. Thanks to their military training they made short work on a plan to take down the bandits. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle48"> lined up his longbow and let the arrow fly. The arrow hit true as its broad head drilled straight through one of the unsuspecting bandits throwing him back. At that moment </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle48"> sprang into action and like a flash, was upon another bandit with his glaive finding its mark cleaving him asunder. From where </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle48"> had come from, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle48"> had already knock a second arrow and had a bead on a third bandit. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle73">But they made a mistake. They allowed one of the bandits to get too close to one of the innocents.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle27">The young elf hadn’t been a cleric long, but he recognized Tymora’s Luck when he saw it. Stepping out with speed and confidence he slipped one of his daggers from its wrist sheath and neatly slid it up into the bandit’s neck, the sweet spot, where there was no skull to keep the keen blade from piercing the brain. Death was instant. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> did not like to kill, but he knew how if he had to. This human would be standing before Kelemvor. The bandit and woman fell forward and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> bent over to assist her. This saved his life as a fourth bandit swung an axe which would have sliced the elf’s spine. Instead, it hit a tree and a glaive removed the arms from the man before he could pull it out. He stared dumbly at his bleeding stubs while the skilled halbardier continued the momentum and crushed his skull with the heavy butt of his weapon. </span>
        <br/>
        <br/>The elf looked up, eyes wide. “Oh yes, there are at least five…” The archer was already tracking the last bandit who was smart enough to realize he wanted no part of the skilled and coordinated soldiers. An arrow flew catching him in the leg. </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“I surrender. Please, mercy. I give up.” The bandit was yelling. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> was racing toward him and pinned him beneath his blade.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“We were supposed to stop them. Was that dead or alive?” he asked his comrade.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“Dead makes it easier.” The archer was walking over to the bandit. The wound wasn’t bad and he would likely live, but should he. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle27">The elf was tending to the family but grew worried at the tone of their conversation, “Please! He has given up. I can save the family. This man should pay for his crimes but there is no need to murder a prisoner.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> was tense. He called upon the blessings of Tymora to knit and mend the wounds of the father. His breathing was stable and his bleeding stopped. However, the elf knew that when humans had it in them to kill, they could be bloodthirsty. And it was possible these were just more thieves, although their story of a bounty rang true. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“I don’t mind sparing a prisoner, but these bandits have done terrible things why should we complicate matters by keeping one alive to have to carry with us?” The humans were obviously warriors of some caliber and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> didn’t like the idea of antagonizing his benefactors. He had to think, was this a test from his god? </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“Uh… You’ve been after them… searching yes? For some time, yes? I’m guessing you’ve not found their hideout... with all their loot?” This caught their attention. The most likely way to sway a human, mention money. “This one can guide you. Please, just show mercy.” The elf had walked over to the group and was unconsciously standing close enough to the bandit to try to help, although there wasn’t much he could do.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle27">The two made eye contact and almost immediately smiled and nodded. “That is brilliant. Ok ‘buddy’, you take us to your hideout and you get to live long enough to see whatever justice the locals have for you. Just don’t make it harder on us and you walk… err limp out of this.” The bandit, sensing his life hung on a whim nodded his earnest and eager agreement.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle27">“Thank you. Tymora will bless you for this. My name is </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle27">, but humans often call me Ty. I will bury these poor souls and see to the care of this family before I continue on my pilgrimage. Even the wicked deserve their rest, and it helps to cut down on the undead. I hope one day I can repay your timely aid. Tymora willing, we will meet again.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle27">The three parted ways and the young elf felt he had just taken a big step along his god’s quest. He also sensed he had not seen the last of those two, Tymora willing. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_150.xhtml">Rowena Collaborative Adventure</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_146.xhtml">Character Collaborative Adventures</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_164.xhtml">Josephus Collaborative Adventure</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>