<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Barikhol and Leokas</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_120">Barikhol and Leokas</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Stories</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> and <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">I had just finished a nice batch of Fire Mead, and was expecting to have some great road side sales, given the fact there were lots of travelers for the Harvesttide festival.  Just about dusk, this cleric of Pelor came shambling in, and I do mean shambling.  He had days of road grime coating him, a bit of blood on this clothes, and was in dire need of a bath.  This guy also seemed to have a chip on his shoulder; just seemed pissed off at the world.  </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">He bought his first round out of a fat coin pouch and chose to drink a mug of Forefather’s Fire Mead.  I was impressed, not many humans can drink a mug without crying for milk, but it seemed to fit his mood.  Now he really looked like he could spit fire.  HAHA!</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">He gave me a sob story about doing something that would offended Pelor, and was upset that he was put in a bad position where he had to make a hard choice.  I didn’t pay much attention, just kept selling him more to drink.  After several mugs, he got quiet and completive.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">About that time, two fellas reigned in their horses aside my forest brewery.  One was a tall thin fellow in a black robe with runic embroidery, and the other was a short mean lookin’ bastard with a big blade.  He looked like he could handle it too.  Didn’t bother me none, I had more customers (and ain’t afeared of a couple of rough looking fellas).</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">They approached me and asked for an ale, and I let them know that it’d cost em a silver for the two.  He said  &quot;Zyliath the Great shouldn’t have to pay for this swill&quot;. Well, I never did like anyone insulting my ale, so I just crossed my arms and stared at him.  That made Zyliath’s face turn red!  But he paid up.  </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Bout that time this cleric piped up and said “Zyliath, I know of a Zyliath.  He swindles good folk out of hard earned coin for paltry and useless magics.  He is a charlatan really.  Also has a short, ugly bodyguard by the name of Sophus Dahl, who likes to torment folks weaker than him.  Might you be that Zyliath and Sophus?”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Now that was funny!  I thought the skinny guy was going to have a heart attack and his face turned real red like he was chokin’ and then he started muttering.   I thought I would join in the fun and added “This fella can’t be Zyliath cuz Zyliath sounds like a she elf name”.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">I guess that was Zyliath, because out of the sleeve of his robe, he pulled a short wand.  About the same time, the short fella unsheathed his sword.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle11">The short bodyguard didn’t get very far with that blade before the cleric, standing up, spun around and caught him in the throat with the flat edge of his shield. Sophus’ face turned a deep red almost purple, dropping to his knees and losing his grip on the sword, he now clutched at his throat with both hands spitting and coughing.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle11"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle11">Cleric: “I really can’t stand people like you. Life is already tough enough without assholes like you causing trouble.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle11"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle11">Zyliath momentarily caught off guard by this display, regained his focus and turned to point the wand at the Monk that just insulted him; only to find the monk was no longer standing there.  After the split second of confusion, Zyliath felt a new sensation, weightlessness, and yet, at the same time… the world moved around him. He lie there on the ground making a wheezing sucking noise, trying to catch his breath after having his legs swept clean out from under him, with his wand just a few feet out of reach after tumbling from his grip on impact.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle11"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle11">Cleric: “I’ve had a rough week and just wanted to relax and enjoy this mans’ fine ale, and you two had to go and spoil it.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle11"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle11">Grabbing the bodyguard by his collar the cleric leaned into him a bit:</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle11"> “I’m pretty sure there’s a small reward for you, and I certainly don’t feel like seeing any more blood spilt for a while, so you get to live another day.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle11"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle11">As soon as he finished those words he clocked Sophus in the back of the head with the handle of his mace knocking him unconscious.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle11"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle11">Zyliath seeing this all happen so quickly, and being on the flat of his back, decided he no longer needed a drink and as quickly as he could mounted his horse and sped off.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle11"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle11">Standing straight again the cleric looked over to the monk.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle11"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle11">Cleric: “Nice moves…. Name’s </span>
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        <span class="rwStyle11">”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle11"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle11">Holding out his hand awaiting a handshake and gesturing with a slight tilt of his head.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle11"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        <span class="rwStyle11">: “What do you want to do with this one?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> grasped <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>’s wrist in a warrior’s handshake.  “Name’s <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>” he said.  “There is a Waterdavian outpost not far from here.  Let’s truss up Sophus there, toss em on the back of his horse and take him in.  You can keep any bounty on him.  We can sell the horse and tack and split the profit.”.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“You got some moves yourself by the way <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>.  Coulda been a monk of Illmater; ya woulda fit right in.  By the way, Illmater teaches one to suffer for others and defend the helpless.  You did a good thing here with these goblin spawned whoresons, so I wouldn’t worry about offending Pelor.  Surely your deeds outweigh any bad dat may’ve been done”.  “I’m glad to have met ye, and would be proud to call ye friend.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">Prev</td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_146.xhtml">Character Collaborative Adventures</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_147.xhtml">Armond Collaborative Adventure</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>