<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 00</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_7">Game 00</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Game Day</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Game Date: </span>
        <span class="contents ">07/12/15</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Date in Play: </span>
        <span class="contents ">(4) Tarsakh 20, 1491</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">TLDR</h2>
      <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">Heroes came to <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">Went to the local tavern to have a meal. <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">Asked watress about town, she told them about the 6 men in masks</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">They had a brief encounter with a halfling that was scared out of the tavern.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">After settling into their rooms a storm came.</li>
      </ul>
      <h2 class="section1">Detailed Entry</h2>
      <p class="contents ">The heroes arrive in <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a> their first thought was to stroll the streets. In the town of <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a> there are tailors, tanners, leather workers, bakers, and of course an inn and a separate tavern. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a> made his way to the bath house to clean up and they said it will be ready in an hour. The others made their way to the bakery. After trying out the <a href="Topic_105.xhtml">Sword Coast</a> Famous Crumble Cake, they got some Cheese Toast and mad their way through the rest of the town. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">They finally settled on <a href="Topic_30.xhtml">Helm at Highsun</a> Tavern. The waitress was kind and served them food and the local ale. It was a great meal the filled up their bellies. While in the tavern they talked to the waitress who talked about town gossip. She said Everyone has a story. <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> asked her about what her story around town is. She told them a story about how she saw six men wearing metal mask strolling through town. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;I was taking out the trash when I saw 6 men heading up the side road to the Long Road. They were wearing these masks made of metal. I didn't want anything to do with it and it kind of creeped me out so I ran back inside.&quot;</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">While she was telling this story this Halfling was rolling his eyes and making a 'humf' sound as she was telling her tale. All a sudden he heard in his head &quot;What do you know of it&quot; (forgive me I am an audio memorizer. This part was typed and I cannot recall what was said). The Halfling jumped up and started yelling out. &quot;Who said that?&quot; &quot;What do you want?&quot; </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a> asked him &quot;What are you going on about little man?&quot; </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;Didn't you hear that?&quot; the Halfling asks. &quot;That loud voice.&quot;</p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;I didn't hear anything did you?&quot; <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a> asks the group.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The lights started flickering in the tavern. The Halfling was scared that some kind of demon was attacking him, well he was only half right. <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a> noticed that <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> was whispering under his breath. They caught each other's notice but didn’t say anything. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The Halfling said &quot;I better go.&quot; and he ran out the building. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">After the meal <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a> went to his scheduled bath (inspiration). <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> went to secure a room with lock boxes. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The heroes meet up in their room to discuss what they wanted to do next. This is when the storm came. The storm was the power of a tropical storm. <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> staring out the window studied the pattern and noticed this may be caused by some kind of magical backlash. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">What is causing these storms? Who are these men in the metal masks? What else do these people in this town know? Find out next time. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">Prev</td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_87.xhtml">Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_9.xhtml">Game 01</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>