<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 28.1</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_172">Game 28.1</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Game Day</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Game Date: </span>
        <span class="contents ">06/16/18</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">Detailed Entry</h2>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle81">The heroes stand around a map at the <a href="Topic_196.xhtml">Feathergale Spire</a>. They are companied by <a href="Topic_58.xhtml">Feathergale Knights</a>, cartographers, <a href="Topic_135.xhtml">Mud-Bloods</a>, and more. Everyone is having trouble placing their finger on where this map belongs. In the corner written in elvish is the following riddle. </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle81"> </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle81">There are four brothers in this world that were all born together:</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle81">The first sings a song that is never good,</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle81">The second runs and never wearies,</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle81">The third drinks and is ever thirsty,</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle81">And the fourth eats and is never full.</p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle81"> </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle81">The <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">heroes of Red Larch</a>, after studying and debating for a bit, <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> was the first to realize this riddle was naming Air, Water, Earth, Fire. But past that no one knew anything about this map. No one except <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Upon seeing the map <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> has a memory about her Grandmother Arlin. Her grandmother was preparing for her last quest. She was accompanied by <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>’s grandfather and twin brother. <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> saw them leave and that was the last time. <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> has moments where she wishes she could have told them bye. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“My sweet Ro, how I wish you never had to find this place.” Arlin said while <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> was coming out this memory. <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> turned towards Arlin and immediately tried to give her a hug, but unfortunately Arlin was not there. <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> tried anyway and Arlin moved her arms in a gesture that would hugging her back. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“How? What… Where are… Are you real?” <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> went through a few questions before she settled on this one. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">With a smile that <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> remembers, Arlin replied, “I set up this working many years ago. If you ever were to go here I would be able to contact you. I hoped this would never have to happen.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“What is this place?” <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> asked.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“We called it, the <a href="Topic_169.xhtml">Fane of the Eye</a>. It is a place between the elemental planes. Traveling through here will take you to the plagued elemental planes. Destroying the cults are the only way to end the Elemental Evil. You and your friends are the closest anyone has ever come to removing this evil from the planes.” Arlin pauses to take another look at <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>, “Stopping the Elemental Evil will save many planes.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“What is different now, then when you did this?” <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> asks, “Why did you fail?”</p>
      <p class="contents ">“Belief”, Arlin replies. “The cults were not known as well back then. They lived in secret, but their belief is strong. Over the last few years you and your friends have pushed them back. You have given them doubt, and this has weakened them.”</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“Is she talking to O-Dirt?” <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> asks <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> as everyone in the room is watching <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> having this conversation with the air.  </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“OH MY GODS!” <a href="Topic_136.xhtml">Odert</a> said in <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>’s mind, “The T is silent!” Arlin starts to laugh. “Wut?” <a href="Topic_136.xhtml">Odert</a> continues.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“It is not easy to be a wild mage.” Arlin answers. Then <a href="Topic_136.xhtml">Odert</a> begins to laugh. “I can teach you to open the way as soon as you’re ready.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“I know what we have to do.” <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> tells the others. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The next scene <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> laid out a square pattern and placed each of the 4 elements into the corners. By the time it is finally ready everyone is showing up. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> doesn’t have his adventuring gear packed up. The remainder of the <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">Heroes of Red Larch</a> inquire from him what is going on. “Where is your stuff?” <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> asked.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“I also know what I must do. You guys go and finish this, but I am needed somewhere else. I have to rescue <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>.” <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> pauses as everyone looks confused. <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a> died a long time ago. “It turns out anyone killed by the cults their soul goes to the spirit world connected with the elements. Since <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a> was killed by <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">the earth cult</a>, his spirit is wandering around in a part of the spirit world of the Earth Plane. I need to go there and get them released. Freeing them will allow the spirits to travel back to their afterlife.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The heroes wanted to go with <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>, but knew that now is the time to strike. <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> wanted to go with the rest of the heroes, but knew if they destroy the Elemental Evil the souls would be lost. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“Hurry back, we have a brewery to run.” <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> told <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“Same to you.” <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> replied. The shook and <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> watched them open the way into the Planes. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> completed the ritual and the four corners collapsed where it looked like everyone vanished. <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> tilted his head slightly and noticed they collapsed into what looked like a tall sheet of glass. The glass starting shrinking towards the middle like water being sucked down an invisible drain. When the last of the glass disappeared there was heard a loud “pop”. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Somewhere else there could be heard the sound of glass braking and the <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">Heroes of Red Larch</a> were falling, down into a pool of water. The water had a tough current and everyone started swimming, <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> was struggling. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> was last to hit the water, and she could see <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> was struggling. She tucked into a cannon ball and when she hit the water, the wave pushed <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> back up and out of the pull of the current so he could start swimming towards the shore. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">This is when two Water Weirds sprang up out of the pool and started attacking the intruders. <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> got to shore and threw a mace. “Where the hell did that come from?” <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> yelled.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">“I have no idea!” <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> yelled back. <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> swam past them and released lightning into the water. Everyone’s hair stuck up on their arms, but they could see this started to cook the Water Weirds. <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> blasted and killed one of them with fire, as <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> threw his darts and one sank in the creatures’ eye. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">If they were not already, the rest of the heroes crawled out of the water and laid down on the shore. “Let’s take a quick break and dry off before continuing.” <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a> said. The rest of the heroes nodded in agreement. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_171.xhtml">Game 28.0 (Last Two Years)</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_87.xhtml">Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_177.xhtml">Game 30 (with a note about 29)</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>