<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Armond Downtimes</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_159">Armond Downtimes</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Stories</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle85">Downtimes 09</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">While the group was investigating the injured survivor of the delegation </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> felt a pull to his idol. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> sat down and started concentrating. Deep in his pocket he felt something get pulled out of him. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was falling. It was surreal, but looking around at his surroundings he was falling from himself. It was as if he was a miniature version of himself and he just fell from the height of his shoulder. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Maybe falling is the right word. He was being pulled. Like going down a mountain on a slide. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> got jerked towards his belongs and saw that he was going to crash with his idol. Once </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> opened his eyes, he was laying on the floor of a cavern. It looked familiar, but he couldn't place it. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">A child was standing over him looking down into Armonds face. The child was wearing a burlap sack and had a shaved head. &quot;That was quite an entrance.&quot; the boy said while holding back a giggle. He offers a hand to bring </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> to his feet. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">After </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> stands he asks &quot;Where am I.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The boy replies &quot;Where you were. This place has a name, but it isn't important and you don't want to know it. Let's call this place the in-between.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;Who are you.&quot; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> asks.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The boy replies, &quot;You know the answer to that question. For I called you and you and I are connected.&quot; The boy goes over to the small fire that lights the area and stokes it. &quot;It has been a while since we have talked. Glad I finally got your attention. I tried to communicate with you when you were in the cave under </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. Your friend has their magic. She can speak with the earth. I can feel what she does, but I can’t see it. I think you may be able to find a clue in her magic for your quest.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The boy starts drawing something in the ground with his scorched stick. &quot;It is time I ask you for a favor. You are to kill your hostage. If he goes free he will alert </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_67.xhtml">the air cult</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> you're on to them. He can't simply be killed. He needs to have his soul trapped.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;My friends are not going to like this.&quot; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> says.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;They won't know you left the room. I will grant you access to Major Image and Invisibility. I will hold your Major Image once you leave the room.&quot; the boy says with a smile. The drawing is starting to look like a bird. &quot;When you kill him, place the idol by his left foot. Energy leaves the body on the left side. I will capture him.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;You may deny this request, but I get two more before you can't deny me. The air genasi is going to die anyway.&quot; The boy tell you. &quot;Do you accept this request?&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle85">Downtimes 06 FB</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> made it to a town during their travels. They were sitting at a tavern having a few drinks when </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> started quizzing </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> on what he has learned. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> being a dedicated studient took all his questions seriously and made sure to think out all the answers before giving them. This task was getting a little harder after each drink. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">While in the Tavern there was a bewer… berooer… Drink-maker! Who decided to join them. He talked about his booerie down the street and he invited </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and Bear-ee-claw down to take a look. They agreed, but first… another drink!</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">They were being mean, but everyone was having a good time. They were testing Armonds ability to bew. This was tough, and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was not going to let them get the last laugh. So he tried to will up and focus to do well. It didn't help that Bary would tamper with the stuff that </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was doing. For example: He cut the bag, he was throwing </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">things</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> thinks he remembers getting a wet willy. He was a jerk, but everyone was so drunk it was kind of funny. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The next morning. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> came by to apologize to the brewer for making a mess and help him clean up. They worked together making another batch and give real instruction, vs drunken criticism to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. The brewers name was Poss and he had some interesting techniques. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and him shared some of their experiences and they all had a good laugh when </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> told the story of the Fire Mead. It has been long enough to where this story is now funny. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">A week later they got to try the mead they made. The first one was Armonds Drunken Drink. It was actually pretty good. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> thought he accidently stumbled onto something. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and Poss didn't think so. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Poss told </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> he would try to sell it, and if they ever pass back through this town again. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle89">Training Brew Crafting (40/150)</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">: Since your training form a PC it is between you and him if he wants compensation.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle97">
        <span class="rwStyle67">Downtime 05</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle97">
        <span class="rwStyle72">
          <a href="Topic_183.xhtml">Finnis</a>
        </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle97">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Growing up is never easy, but when you don’t know who your father was and being the son to a whore always makes it a little harder. In the pass Finnis's mother was a beautiful young woman that courted many men of high standards. One day, as she was escorting a wealth merchant to a gala to celebrate the trade agreement with the Eldanians (Elves), she caught the eye of Lord Ailmar Faeranduil, Royal Ambassador of Eldania. Lord Ailmar was infatuated with this human beauty. Later that evening Ailmar stole away Theresa (Finnis's mother), dancing and chatting the night away. While Ailmar was in Irieabor, the two spent every waking moment with each other. Theresa was in heaven, hoping finally she found the right man to take her away. One the eve of Ailmar departure, Ailmar confessed his undying love for Theresa and consummated their relationship that night. In the morning Ailmar had Theresa go gather her belongings from her home. When she return the palace guards halted her from entering the royal guest quarters. She pleaded with them to let her in, telling them to go get Lord Ailmar to explain who she was but the guards only informed her that Lord Ailmar had already left. Devastated, Theresa slunk back to her megger home. Weeks later she found she was with child. Now with a growing midsection none of her wealth clientele wanted anything to do with her. Without their money she had to move into the slums where conditions where inhuman at times. The only bit of hope was Father Yorgenson, a cleric in the service of Ilmater. He would bring her food and provisions and what little coin he could scrap together. It was Father Yorgenson that delivered Theresa child Finnis. When Theresa saw her child she immediately became scornful of him, for he bared the look of the elves. Father Yorgenson told her not to hate her child for he had done nothing to her; but merely been born. Over the next few years all Theresa could do to earn a living was to turn cheap tricks for change. In doing so had caught a devastating disease that ravaged her body. Father Yorgenson tried everything he could but Theresa surcomed to the disease leaving behind her four year old son Finnis.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle97">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Father Yorgenson had sent Finnis to go live at the orphanage but kept an eye out for him. Finnis had a hard time relating to the other kids because he was different; his ears where pointer, his eyes slanted more and the fact he could see in the dark. The kids would often call him names like mudblood or half breed to name a few. They would also bully him and take is food and rip his clothes. So Finnis would hide away from the other kids, stealing food from the kitchen after it closed. Finnis started sneaking away from the orphanage during the day. One day while away from the orphanage Finnis ran into a group of homeless kids. They ask where he was from because they haven't seen him around before. He explained that he was from the orphanage but hate being there because of the treatment he received for being different. The group of kids let him join them telling him that the difference between them is what makes them great. As Finnis took a closer look at these kids he noticed that most of them weren't human. There were half elves, a half orc, and even a tiefling. Finnis asked, how they ate and where did they sleep? They answer that they make do by stealing what they need and sleep here and there. They invite Finnis to abandon the orphanage and join their group. After think long about it he decide to do just that. Over the next few months Finnis picked up the art of stealing and learned all the nooks and crannies throughout the city. Many a days were spent picking the pockets of travelers stopping to watch the entertainment in the square. One particular day while enjoying his favorite pastime he notice a man watching him. Finnis tried to sneak away but every time he did the man would appear in front of him. Scared, he ran as fast as he could down the alleys twisting and turn but was caught. The man took him aside and informed him that he has come to the attention of the thieves’ guild. He explain that thieving without the permission would get you punished. The man told Finnis that the guild has offered him a provisionary membership and with it he and his friends could pilfer without fear of retaliation from the guild with the standard payment of 50% of the plunder. Thinking of his friend’s safety he accepted the invitation. Finnis was told to go down to the Mermaid's Armpit and talk to Jack. So off Finnis went, down to the docks to find this Jack.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle97">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Upon arriving at the Mermaid's Armpit, Finnis took note how seedy the place was. Finnis enter the bar and began scanning the crowd for this &quot;Jack&quot; fello. As his look around he got some glances from some patrons but then he noticed one individual was staring him down. He took this to be Jack. He headed over to where Jack was when he noticed a sharp sting in his side. As Finnis looked down he saw a man standing next to him with a dagger to Finnis side as the man said &quot;always stay alert and know your surroundings&quot;. The man withdraw the blade and beckoned Finnis to join him in a private room. Once inside, the man introduced himself as Jack the Blade. Finnis asked about the other guy he thought was Jack. Jack laughs, &quot;he was a teller; I had him stare at you as a distraction&quot;. Jack seeing the bewildered look on Finnis face began explaining the ins and outs of the guild structure; how a &quot;teller&quot; was not a member but was an informant under the &quot;protection&quot; of the guild, the eyes and ears of the guild. Jack explained that the guild was officially call The Artisan's guild to give legitimacy and that the ranks within are appropriately named Apprentice, Journeyman, and Master. He also explain the percentages owed to the guild of each rank. Finnis asked about non guild thieves, if they were &quot;punished&quot; for not having permission. Jack said that an independent contractor &quot;could&quot; work without being a member but has to pay for a temporary permit and pay 50% fee on everything pilfered. Jack went further and explain about the assassin's guild. Jack explained that there was an uneasy truce between the two guilds and if you see one of the Nightshadows, turn around and go about your business elsewhere. With that Jack got up telling Finnis &quot;you are free to go but you will report back to me here once a week for the guilds cut of your pilfering, understood?&quot; Finnis nodded in understanding and left.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle97">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Finnis meet up with his group and informed them of what transpired. They all were upset and refused to pay the guild anything; it was theirs, it was their way of surviving, and nobody was taking that from them. A week passed and Finnis didn’t show up to meet Jack. That night when the group meet back up, &quot;Tiny&quot; the half orc didn’t show up. They went out to looking for him only to find Jack waiting for them. &quot;What do you want?&quot; one of the half elves asked. &quot;You see, I'm a little disappointed. I explained everything to you Finnis very clearly and you (glancing at Finnis) indicated that you understood but you missed our meeting. Now a lesson must be learned. &quot;Tiny&quot; will not be coming back!&quot; At this, everyone in the group rush forward at Jack but was meet with Jack's lightning reflexes; stabbing several and knocking a few aside. They understood they were outmatched. &quot;Now listen to me, you WILL comply or another will disappear! Then another, and another, until you comply or no one is left!&quot; Jack said sternly as Jack backed into the shadows and disappeared. The group was left there in disbelief. What were they to do? Tiny was dead, and if they didn’t give half of their thieving another of their group would die; but they need all of it to survive. Finnis offered to join the guild as a full member and would pay for his friends so they wouldn’t have to pay. They knew that if Finnis did this then he couldn't be with them. He would belong to the guild and had to do what they wanted. Reluctantly they all agreed and said their farewells. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle97">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Over the course of a year, under Jack's tutelage, Finnis had become quite the thief. He was the highest pilfering apprentice in the guild. Many of the Journeyman took notice and Finnis had earn the moniker &quot;The Hand&quot; among them. This caused animosity between other apprentices and Finnis. Within the next six months Finnis attain the rank of Journeyman. Now Finnis could do jobs without Jack babysitting him. During one of Finnis jobs he decide to stop by to see his old friends that he hasn’t seen in over a year and a half. When he got to their old hideout no one was there. It looked like it had been broken into and hasn’t been used in a very long time. Worried, he went looking for some &quot;tellers&quot; in the area to find out any information about his friends. He did find one teller able to give him what he wanted. The teller informed him that the city guard raided their hideout, arresting any they captured. Some escaped and went into hiding, but as to where they are now she doesn’t know. Over a few weeks, Finnis was able to track down the tiefling Jandace. She was at the temple of Ilmater. When Finnis got to the temple he found that Father Yorgenson was still there. He was actually tending to Jandace. Jandace had become very sick. She had been living in the sewers and eating rotten food to survive. &quot;Jandace is dying! She has an infection that I cannot heal. She doesn’t have much time left in this world. Go to her, comfort her in her last hours.&quot; Father Yorgenson says. Finnis ran to her room and went to her side. Finnis started cry and apologizing for leaving her and the others. As she opened her eyes she placed a hand on Finnis shoulder, she says &quot;it is not your fault, you did the best you could do for us. We would have died long ago if it wasn’t for your aid. We were unfortunate that the guards found us and it had nothing to do with you. I am at peace. Father Yorgenson has been telling me of the tenants of Ilmater.&quot; Finnis asks about the others as Jandace's face took on a grim appearance. &quot;The ones that were capture were either executed or sent to labor camps. The few that got away left the city or perished trying to survive.&quot; Finnis felt his heart drop. All of his friends; no, family, were gone. Finnis stayed with Jandace until the morning when she past. Father Yorgenson talk with Finnis; helping him cope with his losses. The Father explain that what Finnis did for them was what Ilmater teaches, suffering for others to easy the pains. That was exactly what Finnis did by joining the guild and sending them aid by paying their fees and sending them money. Finnis talk with the Father for a while about Ilmater. Finnis paid for Jandace's funeral.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle97">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Getting back to normalcy, Finnis started taking more perilous jobs. On one such job, robbing a moving carriage, he made a flub and spooked the horses cause the carriage to careening out of control through the city. Just as luck would have it, a disheveled person decide to walk across the street at the exact time the carriage came flying by. Finnis, seeing this, leaped up between the horses and launch out in front of them to tackle the dimwit crossing. As Finnis tackled the man, Finnis instinctively rolls along under the carriage trying to avoid any injuries. After the carriage continues on, Finnis manages to stand the guy up asking him &quot;are you daft? That carriage would have killed you if I hadn't been there.&quot; He simply replied &quot;that’s what I was hoping it would do.&quot; Finnis step back and took a good look at him. He had nothing on but rags with dried blood staining the back of his shirt. Quickly Finnis hurried the man off the street and into the alley way as to not draw attention to themselves. Finnis, using the back alleys, brought the man to Father Yorgenson to care for him. Before leaving Finnis asked the man his name. He replied &quot; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">....my name is </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> Creed.&quot; With that Finnis left. Back at the guild hall Finnis had to answer for the botched heist. The Grand Master decide to take all of Finnis's take on the next few heist to repay what guild might of made from the carriage job. Finnis not happy with this decision but could only except it. That night Finnis brood over the thought that it was </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">'s fault that he has to repay the guild. If he had to repay the guild then </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> would have to repay Finnis. So the next morning, Finnis went to the temple of Ilmater seeking </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. Once he found </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, Finnis demeanor changed. As he look upon </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, he could see that he had fresh burns on his left arm no more than a couple weeks old and had several fresh deep lacerations across his back. Father Yorgenson was applying an alchemical medicine to add in healing. Finnis decided to help </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, he would make him his personal &quot;teller&quot;. Once </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was well enough Finnis pulled some strings and got </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> a job as a dockhand. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> work the docks help unload cargo keeping an eye and ear on what was coming and going. The job last a month or so just long enough to score a heist or two of rare items be smuggled into the city. That was until </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> accidently got tangled up in some dock lines and fell in the harbor nearly drowning. So Finnis got </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> a job at the Mermaid's Armpit bussing tables. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> again provided excellent intelligence on who and what was going down in the city. Again </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> had an accident, this time a bar fight broke out and he tried to stop it single handedly being stab several times. Luckily for him they were mere flesh wounds. Finnis, at wits end, ask Father Yorgenson if </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> could do odd jobs around the temple. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle97">
        <span class="rwStyle55">During this time, with </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">'s information, Finnis had become the highest ranking thief in the guild. Which in turn made Tibryn Blackmoor angry, for he was the highest. Even with his connections in the guard Tibryn couldn’t catch up Finnis. Every time Tibryn would get word of some jewels, coins or other items of valve whereabouts Finnis would steal them before Tibryn could even formula a plan. So Tibryn decided to get rid of his competition. Word spread that a wealthy merchant was coming to the city and he owned a rare gem worth a fortune. In the following week, such a merchant did arrive. He was surround by hired muscle almost constantly. The only time he wasn’t was when he slept. He was staying in a high end Inn that Finnis was familiar with. He had done several jobs there and had access to the crawl space in the roof. So Finnis formulated a plan to steal the gem. That night Finnis scaled the wall of the Inn and crawled through his secret access hatch. He made his way across the ceilings to the merchant's room. Quietly he remove a ceiling board and slow fished down his grab hook. Carefully and skillfully he managed to hook the merchant’s purse. Slowly he pulled it up and replace the board, making his way out the hatch. But once he stepped foot on the ground he was instantly swarms by guards. &quot;How the hell?&quot; went racing through his head. There was no way that they should of known he was there, let alone seen him. As the guard closed in Finnis launch up and over one of the guards tumbling as he went. As soon as his feet hit the ground he was gone; running down the alley ways trying to get away. To no avail at every turn there were guards. He tried climb up to the roofs to get away but was met with a sharp pain in his thigh. Looking down an arrow was protruding from his thigh with a rope attached. Suddenly Finnis felt a tug on his leg cause pain to shot through his body. As he hit the ground he was swarmed by guards. He felt manacles and leg irons being secured to his arms and legs. Once the guards finally back away, a Lieutenant stepped forward. &quot;You thought you were cleaver. You thought we would never catch. You were wrong.&quot; Then the lieutenant started naming off all the crimes he was being charged with. As the charges were being list Finnis realized that most of those crimes weren't even jobs he pulled. Suddenly it hit him, those were jobs Tibryn pulled and how did the guard know about those. &quot;That sneaky little snake, he framed me&quot; Finnis mutter under his breath. Just at that moment the Lieutenant finished the list of charges and started laughing. As he reached into Finnis pouch he pulled out the merchant purse and opened it dropping a large piece of coal out. &quot;You risked everything for this!&quot; the Lieutenant said laughing. Finnis was hauled off to jail.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle97">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The following day Finnis was lead to the pillory. When he arrived the Lieutenant was there with a small bucket fill with some kind of fluid. Just before Finnis was out in the pillory the Lieutenant grab Finnis hands. As he plunged Finnins's hands into the bucket the Lieutenant snared &quot;The Hand indeed&quot;. After a minute or two the Lieutenant remove Finnis's hands from the bucket. Finnis looked at them as red liquid dripped off; his hands were dyed red. With that he was leaded up the stair to the pillory to be put on display for the masses. As the citizens started to gather Finnis could he whispers among the crowd. Slowly the whisper started becoming louder until they turned into yells and screams. Next thing Finnis knew he was being pelted with rotten fruit or vegetables (depending on your definition of tomato). Wack! Blood streamed down Finnis forehead. &quot;Must have been a rock&quot; thought Finnis. This went on for a couple of hours until the crowd lost interest. An occasional snide remark or little kid throwing a tomato but nothing much for the rest of the day. But on the following day, the trumpeters trumpeted away with the town crier yelling throughout the street &quot;today is a great day. The punishment of a thief is at hand. Ten lashes. Come all to see&quot; Finnis was release from the pillory only to be marched into the square where a large wood stage had been erected. On this stage where several large posts with shackles hanging from the tops on either side. Finnis, along with several other prisoners, where lead up on to the stage and locked into the shackles dangling from the tops. Next a large monster of a man wearing a black hood came onto the stage. Again Finnis's crimes were read aloud along with the other criminals then the black hooded man began flogging one of the criminals with a cat-of-nine tail. The criminal cried out in pain, after the fourth hit passed out but the black hooded man continued until all ten lashes were administered. The crowd screamed out in cheer. The black hooded man stepped down the line, administering out the capital punishments. As Finnis waited his turn, he started noticing familiar faces among the crowd. For under hoods he could make out member of the thieves guild. Slowly they approached; moving through the crowd as a fish swims through water. Just as the administrator of punishment step behind Finnis; a load cry rang out followed by a spear striking the hooded man squarely in his back. As the hooded man staggered forward, he turned around just in time to see the other spear as it struck through his chest. Loud shouts, &quot;Guards, Guards&quot; echoed across the square. With that several hooded figures darted out from within the crowd clashing with what guard was there. Small groups of hooded figures raced across the square to block off the streets leading in. Finnis heard someone come up behind him then felt the shackles on his wrist fall loose. There he was standing in all his glory, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> had come to the rescue. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> quickly lead Finnis off the stage and into an alley way. They were meet by Jack who briefly explained, while moving through the alley ways, that the guild masters found out that Finnis was framed and where taking actions to correct the situation. Jack explained that because Finnis was now widely known in the city he could no longer be a member of the guild and he was to leave the city. Finally they reached the outer wall. As Finnis asked how they were going to escape the city a couple of ropes dangled down the wall. Jack grab on and said &quot;you and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> will climb over the wall. On the other side I have to men with horses and provisions. Take the road north to Asbravn. Once there go to Sambori's Sundries-in-trade, speak to Sambori and give him this, as jack hand Finnis a broken music box, tell him you would like to find a good home for it. He will set you up with a merchant caravan to Baldur's gate from there it's up you to do with your life. &quot;Safe journey&quot; as Jack clasps Finnis's forearm. Over the wall Finnis and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> went; taking the horse they road north to Asbravn where Finnis and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> departed with each other.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle97">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Rewards:</span>
        <br/>- Background Updates</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle85">Downtimes 04</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">{I apologies in advance, I got carried away with the story and couldn’t stop writing. Not all DTs will be this long.}</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> would wake up around the same time every morning around sunrise. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> would practice his polearm drills. He would remember the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">things</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> his teachers would impart in him. Chin up, elbows in, balance low, and many other reminders </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> had, but still needed to practice more. So he did, every morning, alongside his friends.  </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> would practice his kata making self-corrections on procedure here and there. He would also practice balance exercises, which looked a little funny for a Dwarf, but </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> did them well. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> would pray. He had his morning meditation rituals and he would ask Tempus for his blessings for the day.  At the end of their morning rituals they would all spar and work up an appetite. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Sitting around the breakfast table they talked about what they plan on doing. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> mentioned that he wants to find out more about the cult activities and there has to be something he can research on them. They couldn’t have appeared out of nowhere. Wyna the waitress tells </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> that he may have luck at </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">’s shop, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">Vallivoe’s Sundries</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. He collects a lot of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">things</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and may have something or know where to get it. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Once </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> finishes his meal he informs everyone he is off to do some research. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> tells </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, “If you find a place to get books, see if you can find something on minor gods. I remembered something about the carvings on the knife.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> is also interested in finding out where his knife comes from. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> visited his Patron again about the knife. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">His Patron said “Oh, I have seen those carvings before. It has something to do with a dead religion. I honestly never paid close attention to it because they were never a problem and I couldn’t use them.” He told </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> the Knife isn’t magical, but it looks like something “mortals” would use to do rituals. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">His patron didn’t mention anything about a minor god, but </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> is a researcher so she may have seen something like this before. “If I saw a list of them, I may remember where those are from.” She says.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> agrees and heads out to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, the rambling gnome. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> is not in his shop, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> discovered this when he approached a locked door and a sign that read “Out Back”. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> then heard a loud boom and felt the pulse of the explosion. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> got behind the workshop as fast as he could finding </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> thrown back into a large pile of hay. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was alive, but had a few minor injuries. “Maybe I am not giving enough space for the pressure I am creating.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> says as </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> helps him out of the stack. “This is going to take me a week to repair this.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> asks the obvious question, but is nervous because he know this isn’t going to be an easy answer: “What is this thing?”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, forgetting his wounds, “I introduce you to the Tremendous Aquatic Density Converter Cistern Mechanism!” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> stands there with an excited expression on his face. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> is slightly confused and a little surprised that he is still in the same hour of asking the question. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">“Ok? But what does it do?” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> courageously asked as his follow-up question.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Endriths face fell, “Honestly? I have no idea. You see this design came to me in a dream. I wasn’t exactly sure what it does, but I knew if I built it I would find its use or it would find its use. Really, you never know with these </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">things</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. My cousin, his name was Tindrink Donkoargo Finkvizz Draxledwadle Melrond and he invented the famous Melrond’s Foolproof Dishwasher. He had no idea what he was on to and was completely surprised when he figured out what it was that he created… Tindrink Donkoargo Finkvizz Draxledwadle Melrond wasn’t even an engineer, he was a biologist... He was studying this black pudding that he found while adventuring one day (he went on to tell the exact adventure of how he came across it)... Come to find out the pudding was actually a lifeform. It actually eats organic leftovers… After discovering what it ate he started breeding these little </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">things</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> to create the Melrond’s Foolproof Dishwasher (at this point he is now describing where his cousin is famous and where his dishwasher is used)… So sometimes you just need to experiment first and find your invention later.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">During that entire exchange </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> tried many times, unsuccessfully, to stop </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> finally gave up and had a seat to wait on </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> to finish. “I need help researching cults or cult activities.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> finally said to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, “Do you have any books, information, or anything that would lead me in the right direction?” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> looked up at </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and said “I have been waiting for you to ask.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> obviously a little confused because this shouldn’t be a normal question people are asking. “There was a Bard in town, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_209.xhtml">Bellamir</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, who asked me to give something to you, but to wait till you asked for it.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> notices </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> look at his bracelet he wears on the left arm. It has a sketch of a moon and something else on it. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> covered it up with his sleeve. “We roll with the same people. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_209.xhtml">Bellamir</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> said you would want this.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> goes digging through his workspace and pulls out a journal. “He said you will know when you’re ready for this. It should give you a good start on what you need to know.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> paused while </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> started flipping through the pages. It seemed to be a journal on someone studying the cult’s activity. The ink in the journal isn’t that old maybe 5 – 10 years. It is not a lot of information, but it is definitely more than </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> knows. “Without a past, no being can appreciate what they have, and where they may be going.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> looks up not familiar with the expression. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> answers his unasked question. “It’s something </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_209.xhtml">Bellamir</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> would say.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> asks “I may as well ask. Do you know where I can go to get some items I think may be magical identified? Also do you have a list, book, or something that names all the minor gods?” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">“No I don’t have anything about the minor gods… or at least I don’t think I do.” He replies looking around at all his ‘junk’. “You may have better luck at the temple. But </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_26.xhtml">Kaylessa</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_107.xhtml">Swinging Sword</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, can actually identify magical items. I use her all the time when stuff comes into my shop.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> kind of remembers his last encounter with </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_26.xhtml">Kaylessa</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. She seemed a little upset after talking with </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. She should have communicated better what he needed to do. How was he to know that she would “trust” him? Actually, now that </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> is thinking about it, this is kind of her fault that she got hurt. The diplomatic part of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> mind was telling him that he isn’t going to get anywhere with her if he goes in there with that argument. It was a misunderstanding. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">On </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">'s advice, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> headed down to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_107.xhtml">Swinging Sword</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> to talk to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_26.xhtml">Kaylessa</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> about identifying the few magic items. The whole way there </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> just kept playing the scenarios over and over again in his head, knowing that his last encounter was not the best, trying to find the best outcome. Stopping outside the door, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> took one final breath and open the door stepping through. As </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> enter </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_107.xhtml">Swinging Sword</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> he could see </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_26.xhtml">Kaylessa</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> look up from the bar. As he approached, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_26.xhtml">Kaylessa</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> started around the end of the bar coming to meet him halfway. Just as </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_26.xhtml">Kaylessa</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was about to talk </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> put up his hand &quot;is there somewhere we could talk privately?&quot; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_26.xhtml">Kaylessa</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> a little taken back, motioned to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> to follow. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_26.xhtml">Kaylessa</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> went to her office in the back and closed the door behind </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. As she turned around and about to speak again, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> put his hand up to silence her. Now visibly irritated, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> spoke quickly. &quot;I am sorry about earlier. I forgot that you and your patrons are not use to seeing that kind of thing. I should have come to you without the body and after I cleaned up a bit.&quot; At this </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_26.xhtml">Kaylessa</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> calmed down some. &quot;I am from a militant background and was expected to provide proof of completion. Again I am sorry.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">After </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> finished speaking, and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_26.xhtml">Kaylessa</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> sensing some alternative motive ask &quot;was ‘dis tee only reason you come heere?&quot; as </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_26.xhtml">Kaylessa</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> looked down at </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">'s hand. In </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">'s hand down at his side, he held about an eighteen inch long object wrapped in a cloth. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;It wasn't but that need to be said, I didn’t think about how you would feel seeing the body. I am truly sorry.&quot; As </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> brought up the object, he unwrapped it revealing what appears to be a wand of some kind. It has a blue crystalline flame atop a gold or brass shaft with ring around the shaft segmenting it. &quot;I heard from </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> that you can identify magical properties of an item&quot; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> asked half questioning half stating. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;Indeed, but t’ere is a price.&quot; Before </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> could respond, she add &quot;I don’t need your coin, but I do have a favah to ask.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> thought about it for a second, &quot;OK, but I need another item identified along with the wand&quot; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_26.xhtml">Kaylessa</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> nodded in understanding. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> took off his pack and removed a four to six inch glass sphere with arcane ruins carve around it. &quot;I will leave them with you for a while so you can identify them, and when I come back you can ask your favor.&quot; With that </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> laid the items on her desk and began to leave. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">As he open her office door she said &quot;remember I don’t need bodies for proof, I trust you to do good.&quot; With a smile </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> left to let Kayessa get to her work.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">As </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> walked out the door a man in the hall way looks up at him and says &quot;Sorry, I didn’t want to disturb you and the miss. I am sure she appreciates the apology, she really is glad you all are here.&quot; The man holds himself like he is the help. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> remembers the days when he used to hold himself similarly. The man is human, with only one eye. He smells a very familiar smell that </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> remembers from his stable days.  </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> asks, &quot;Who are you?&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Kayessa opens the door, &quot;Iraun? Everyting' all right?&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Iraun looks over at her with his one eye and gets a huge grin. &quot;Yes mam. I was hoping to have a word.&quot; he looks back at </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, &quot;I am the stable master for Ms </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_26.xhtml">Kaylessa</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. If you have an animal that needs attention. I will take good care of ‘em.&quot; He steps into her office. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was just about to head up to his room to start looking into his book when he remembered the list of gods. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> went over to the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_108.xhtml">Allfaiths Shrine</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and spoke with </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_27.xhtml">Imdarr</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. He explained how they were looking into carvings left by a necromancer and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> thinks it may be related to a minor god. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_27.xhtml">Imdarr</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> said his services would cost </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> a gold, but he will be able to write out a list of minor gods and a brief description of what they've done. It will take him a couple days to gather up all the research.  </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">For the next few days </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> uses the desk in his room to review the Journal he received from </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_116.xhtml">Endrith</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. The Journal was written in Dwarvin, but the author was referred himself as an elf. He never said his name, but he would say </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">things</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> like “my Elvin ears could hear…”</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> didn’t have much trouble reading the journal because one he could read Dwarvin, but two the author was writing this like he was reporting to someone. So his notes were not created for just his understanding. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The Elf ran across all four </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_64.xhtml">elemental cults</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> (as he called them), but seemed to run into the Earth Cults or The </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_152.xhtml">Cult of the Black Earth</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> most often. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Each of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_63.xhtml">the 4 cults</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> has a symbol like they ones </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and the rest of the group already pieced together. The remaining cults are called:</span>
      </p>
      <ol start="1" class="contents  rwStyle52">
        <li class="contents  rwStyle50">
          <span class="rwStyle55">
            <span class="rwStyle55">
              <a href="Topic_197.xhtml">Cult of the Crushing Wave</a>
            </span>
          </span>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle50">
          <span class="rwStyle55">
            <span class="rwStyle55">
              <a href="Topic_198.xhtml">Cult of the Eternal Flame</a>
            </span>
          </span>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle50">
          <span class="rwStyle55">
            <span class="rwStyle55">
              <a href="Topic_199.xhtml">Cult of the Howling Hatred</a>
            </span>
          </span>
        </li>
      </ol>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The earth Cults worships the implacable strength and unyielding resistance of the elemental earth. Cultist seek the power to destroy the works of civilization with landslides, sinkholes, or mighty earthquakes. This is how they demonstrate the true power of the elemental earth, and the futility of resistance.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">The Earth Cult</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> can push its influence on the lands it lives in. They control animals and monsters that live or burrow in the ground. Creatures such as ankhegs or bulettes will even submit to the will of the Black Earth. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The Earth Cults are slow to act. They are willing to wait for the opportune moment to destroy their enemies. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The Author speaks of their leader, but has never seen him. His name is </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_153.xhtml">Marlos</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> Urnrayle, the author knows that he wields a magical weapon named </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_200.xhtml">Ironfang</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. Many of his enemies have been brought before him and never seen again. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">The Earth Cult</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> is highly suspicious of the Cult of Howling Hatred. They believe they are mercurial, unreliable, and out of touch with reality. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">He doesn’t has nearly as much to say about the other cults. He talks about the destruction that was left behind from some of these cults, water with water, air with weather, fire with flame… but he didn’t seem to get to study them like he did the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">The Earth Cult</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. Most of the places attacked are in the North, but there are records of attacks all over the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_105.xhtml">Sword Coast</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> would continue practice his forms every day. He would spar with </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. If </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was in town </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> would join them. Even the new guy Ty would practice with them too. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">One day in the Tavern </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> started glowing a bright light that hurt the eyes to look at her. She realized that she found the god. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> read from the parchment: &quot;Velsharoon (pronounced VEL-shah-roon), the Archmage of Necromancy, was a vain, selfish, petty, but very canny deity consumed with vengeance, obsessed with experimenting on living and dead beings, and unconcerned with the fates of lesser creatures. In many ways he continued to act like the mortal he originally was, albeit with far greater power at his disposal than before.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">“His followers used to pass messages by removing parts of the script from the top and bottom.” </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> etches the script on a piece of paper and makes some markings at the top and bottom and continues, “It would be written in Draconic, but with a little catch.” She wipes off the blade and places below the writings on the paper and angles it till it gets just right. “It would be written upside down and backwards. You see with the missing pieces of wording and flipped, draconic could actually appear as a completely new language.” She looks down at the word “Combine”, well it was a draconic word that could roughly translate to combine, but that is what it means. Well now we know what it means, I guess we need to figure out what it did.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;We?&quot; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> mused. &quot;You sure you want to continue this adventure with us? It is going to be pretty dangerous. We are going to hunt down villains like </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_84.xhtml">Bastian</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and the other cults. I am pretty sure looking into necromancy will get us into all sorts of trouble. I'm game, you?&quot; The rest of the group looks to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">…</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> knew </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was questioning if she wanted to stay with the new party or find her place elsewhere in the world. She has been kind of a nice change to have around. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">That night when </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> returned to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_107.xhtml">Swinging Sword</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"/>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_26.xhtml">Kaylessa</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> bacon him to join her in her office. On the way she grabs one of the cleaning ladies and request she fetch </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_34.xhtml">Brother Eardon</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and send him to the office. “I have tee items ready for you.” And she pulls out the Wand and Orb. She explains the Wand is a Wand of Magic Missiles and the Orb is a DriftGlobe. She gives </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> a parchment that explains how they work. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">A knock on the door signals </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_26.xhtml">Kaylessa</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> “So for your payment, a frien’ of mine needs help.” She opens the door, “Dis is </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_34.xhtml">Brother Eardon</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, he is concerned about aboot sum Dwarven friends of his.”</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_34.xhtml">Brother Eardon</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> says, “It is most concerning. I was recently in </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_140.xhtml">Beliard</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> by way of Westbridge and I know the delegation from </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_89.xhtml">Mirabar</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was planning to leave </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_140.xhtml">Beliard</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> soon. This was about 2 tendays ago. They should have come through </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> by now. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_26.xhtml">Kaylessa</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> said you would probably look into this?” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">For the rest of the week </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> tried to relax and take it easy because he knew the roads ahead were going to be tough. There was cult activity and they are powerful. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> has read about some of their destructive force and knows that he and his friends are not ready to take on that power yet. But they can’t also allow this power to continue unchallenged. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle97">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <ul start="1" class="contents  rwStyle52">
        <li class="contents  rwStyle65">
          <span class="rwStyle55">Researching (2 days): Having the Wand and Glass Orb ID</span>
          <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
            <li class="contents  rwStyle87">
              <span class="rwStyle55">Identified.</span>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle65">
          <span class="rwStyle55">Recuperating (3 Days): Relaxing</span>
          <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
            <li class="contents  rwStyle87">
              <span class="rwStyle55">For the next 24 hours at start of game player will gain advantage on saving throws.</span>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle65">
          <span class="rwStyle55">Researching (5 days): Trying to find info on Cult activity in the surrounding lands. Possible villages that were attacked. Where people were possibly kidnapped. </span>
          <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
            <li class="contents  rwStyle87">
              <span class="rwStyle55">Book on </span>
              <span class="rwStyle82">
                <span class="rwStyle55">
                  <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">The Earth Cult</a>
                </span>
              </span>
            </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle87">
              <span class="rwStyle55">Gave leader of Cults name and weapon</span>
            </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle87">
              <span class="rwStyle55">Gave names of all 4 cults</span>
            </li>
            <li class="contents  rwStyle87">
              <span class="rwStyle55">Lead on Cult activities.</span>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <span class="rwStyle55">Imdar charges 1 gp for minor god list. </span>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle85">Downtime FB 02</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> still had a long travel ahead of them to meet with </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. They took their time with their travels, since there was nothing time pressing and one of the reasons to become an adventurer is to see the world. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Eventually the two came across a farm. It has been a long day’s journey and they may not have sun for much longer. The heroes were starting to notice that more and more frightening creatures were coming out at night the further they traveled. Not that the two didn't run into troubles along the way with goblins, kobolds, and a few random undead creatures. It was just noticeably more dangerous to be out at night the closer they got to waterdeep and the north. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">When the two approached the farm they noticed the farmer, a half elf by the name of Lorfeanor. Lorfeanor is pleasant in appearance, with cropped white hair and soft gray eyes. He wears travel-stained clothing and several pouches hang from his belt. Lorfeanor was out cleaning up from a day's work. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> offered the half-elf to share a bottle of wine that he made.  You three got to talking and Lorfeanor mentioned that his barn is actually a </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">9 Hammers and a Keg Brewery</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. He said &quot;My father is a legend in making beer. Almost every pub in the sword cost keeps at least a keg stocked of 'Pure Hoppiness'. I still make it and distribute it.&quot; he then asks, &quot;Do you happen to know much about the machinery used to make beer? You see something seems to be wrong with by brew kettle and I was never good at fixing these </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">things</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. My father built this along with an expert metal worker. He would have known exactly what to do.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">After a little bit of evaluation </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> tells the Lorfeanor that </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and himself can fix this. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> explains that </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> is his apprentice and this is actually good training to learn how this process works. This equipment requires a lot of maintaining and it appears that the half elf has not been keeping up on this regularly. The solution, or at least where they should start, is that they need to breakdown and clean out all the equipment. From there they should notice exactly what is wrong. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Lorfeanor says &quot;How about I give you a room and fine cooked meals every morning and night. I will even help you with this and pay for any supplies.&quot; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, knowing this is good training, agree to this and they get to work the next morning. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> would stop and explain things to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and Lorfeanor. It was kind of like a class and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was the instructor. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> would comment how this setup was a work of art. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> has seen many breweries in his travels, but never a machine as finely fashioned as this. This is probably why it didn't require as much maintenance and the machine held out this long before it desperately needed service. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">About three days into working on the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">9 Hammers and a Keg Brewery</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, they realized they will need supplies. The Half Elf invited </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> to travel to town with him to make sure he is getting the right materials. About five miles out of town the three travelers saw a struggle. It appeared like someone was getting robbed and that the robber was using some kind of magic. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> looked at each other and silently exchanged acceptance that they should do something. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The heroes jumped off their transport and made their way by placing the victim wagon between the robber and them. This way they have a better chance at getting close before being seen. Lorfeanor stayed back and out of the way. He is no fighter and would probably get in the way, more than aid the two heroes. Once the heroes got closer they could hear they robber. &quot;A toll is due from any man that crosses this path. Failure to pay the told is an act of treason against the mud army. You sir tried to run, you tried to trick, you tried to steal from my lord </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Miraj</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> Vizann (see Downtime 01). Now all your equipment and your life are forfeit. Do you have any last words?&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;Maybe, but you will never hear them.&quot; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> said while looking over at </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> for approval of a good entrance liner. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> quickly fist bumps </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> (Alright you two can change this piece if you want to, I am just imagining two 'not quite level 01s' and how they are still finding themselves). </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> takes aim at the sorcerer and lets his arrow fly true while </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> goes running and sliding for the mud slingers legs. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The mud slinger manages to form a shield with the dirt around him to barley block the arrow, but not quick enough to feel a pop in his knee and a sharp paid down his leg. The Mud slinger spins around to face </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and forms arrows from the earth. This reminds </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> of his training with Master </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_98.xhtml">Oboku</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> where many small stones would be launched at the dwarf and he had to anticipate where they would land so he could move just enough out of the way. This was not Barikhols favorite practice, but it came in handy now and he was able to roll, twist, grunt loudly, and turn just barely out of the way. A few cuts and scrapes is a much better outcome than what it could have been. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Another Arrow flies from Armonds bow and strikes through the mud slingers stomach. He pukes dirt and arches his back from the impact. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> ceasing the moment grabs the arrow and pulls it through, spins around, and jams the tip in the sorcerer’s neck. The mud slinger looks surprised, like how one would look if they flipped a coin and it landed on its side. He was in shock and he was in pain. He collapsed to his knees and through a gurgled breath said, &quot;Lord Vizann… (breaths in) will have… (wheezes) your heads.&quot; The mud magician collapsed forward and died. Sand blew off towards the north east into the sky as the last breath left his lungs. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The victim, a gnome, was super thankful and spoke super-fast. &quot;You fellas just saved my life. I don't think I could ever repay you for your good dead. I was traveling from town back to my home when my wheel got trapped in the mud, and I thought… 'that is funny it hasn't rained in days here. Why is there mud?' I jumped off the wagon and the ground harden around my wheel. My wife would never believe me. You see it is our anniversary and I almost forgot. I promised to make her a meal, her favorite, lasagna. I was in my tool house, I own a company in the city. Wizzels, Wrapits, and More! I basically fix machinery of all types from all around the world. I am pretty skilled. It is almost like the thing-a-bobs just talk to me. Any way in lab…&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">This would have continued forever if Barikhols didn't interrupt him with &quot;Why don't you let us help you get your wagon un-stuck so you can get home to your wife, I am sure she is wondering where you're at.&quot; the heroes, and by this time Lorfeanor, suffered through constant one sided conversation as they got the wagon out of the ground and the gnome started driving off. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">In the distance they could still hear the gnome talking to them &quot;My mother always had a phrase for everything,</span>
        <span class="rwStyle27"> 'if it ain't broke just wait till your father gets a hold of it.' </span>
        <span class="rwStyle80">my father, great man, was a tool designer.</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"/>
        <span class="rwStyle96">He had a pocket knife that did everything. Really!</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"/>
        <span class="rwStyle25">Actually you know what I think I have it in my wagon, let me look here…</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot; you can see through the hole in the back of the wagon, now a couple hundred feet down the road the gnome riffling through all his stuff.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">You three traveled on into town and got the supplies you needed and was able to make it back to the farm before dark. The rest of the week and a few days were spent working, training, and talking about one of Barikhols favorite subject, alcohol. After the project was done and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> took a day of rest, the two heroes set off on more adventures. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle97">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">[</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">: add </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">9 Hammers and a Keg Brewery</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> (+10) to your character sheet.]</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle85">Downtime FB 01</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">While </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> were on their journey back to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> camp, they started discussing </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">'s profession. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, who was genuinely interested, kept pushing </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> for more. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> decided to teach </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> the fine techniques on how this is done. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> requested not the start with the fire mead since that didn't work out so well last time. They came to a town and found a shop. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> meet with the owner Rophingelm, a male elf. Rophingelm had a narrow face, with copper hair and brown eyes. He was dressed in worn clothing and wore a bronze amulet. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> explained to him that he is skilled in brewing ale and would like to teach his new apprentice </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. Rophingelm said that they couldn't have come at a better time and that he and his wife has a wedding to attend in Waterdeep and his boy, Finethilb, could man the shop if they would put their skills to use. He would also compensate them if the ale sells well minus the supplies used for teaching that will have to go to waste. There was also a room upstairs that the two could stay in.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> agreed to these term and begun crafting. The two helped man the shop for 3 tendays while Rophingelm and his wife traveled. They were not able to do much during many of the days while the ale was fermenting, but they helped Finethilb out where needed. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Once the Elf and his wife returned they looked like they have seen better times. Rophingelm said that outside of town they were mugged and robbed. They were carrying precious cargo with them, a gift from his brother for coming to the wedding. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Once questioned he told </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> what he knew. He said &quot;The man called himself </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_83.xhtml">Miraj</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> Vizann the great mud sorcerer. His skin was black and rough his eyes were like a light red stone. I don't know why they left me and my wife alive, but we waited for death as they took our stuff.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Rophingelm was sorry to have bothered </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> with this information, but was glad they took care of the shop and took care of their son. Rophingelm thanked for helping out around the shop and gave them a few coin (may have forced it if </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> rejected) for the trouble which </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> used to treat themselves to a feast. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">[feel free to name the town this was in. If you wish to add any further details, please let me know first.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">: add </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_85.xhtml">9 Hammers and a Keg Brewery</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> (15) to your character sheet.]</span>
      </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">Prev</td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_144.xhtml">Character Downtimes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_160.xhtml">Josephus Downtimes</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>