<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 14</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_42">Game 14</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Game Day</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Game Date: </span>
        <span class="contents ">02/11/17</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">In Play Date:: </span>
        <span class="contents ">(10) Marpenoth 18, 1491;</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">TLDR</h2>
      <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The heroes escaped from the Stone Monestary.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">They had to run down the path to get to the waggon.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The Monks chased them down and used earth magic to try and stop them</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The heroes got away</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">They are heading to the Dwarven Shrine up north.</li>
      </ul>
      <h2 class="section1">Detailed Entry</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The heroes go running out of monastery. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> spills something on the floor as he is leaving and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> is seen rolling her eyes. The heroes, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_135.xhtml">Mud-Bloods</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, and seven slaves go running down the path towards the getaway wagon. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">To the left of the path is a steep incline up a hill. To the right of the path is thick wooded area. The path is the fastest way to the wagon. Out of the monastery come an uncountable number of guards. A group of 20 – 30 take aim with arrows from the back. They are shooting at the party (15 including the slaves). </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_44.xhtml">Ander</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> Cover the rear. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> protect the slaves. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_43.xhtml">Otho</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> is giving help to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> who are injured and without their normal gear.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_44.xhtml">Ander</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and Ty yell up ahead, “Arrows! Take Cover!” Most people tried, the slaves were pushed towards the woods by </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> took his shield and covered a couple of them. Only minor injuries were received from the arrows. After the first round of bolts the heroes crossed into the woods and the bowmen didn’t have a shoot. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Making it a little further down the hill the heroes were meet with a mob of guards and earth sorcerers.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle92">{For the people who are actually interested how this works: Minion rules were established back in DnD1e. In DnD4e the developers thought it would be cool to reintroduce the idea of minions (apparently there was some extended rules in 3.5e that used minions too.). Unfortunately, even tho DnD4e had a lot of really cool attributes like this one, they missed the feel of DnD for many players. A lot of the cool things that are in 4e made it to 5e, but unfortunately this little gem missed the transition. Many players have toyed with bringing it over and the developers have talked about releasing a 5e version of the rule in an upcoming campaign book. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle27"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle92">Minion rules for this game works as such: Instead of throwing a bunch of 1/8 CR creatures at the heroes, and the heroes taking down 1 bad guy at a time, you change it up to a little higher CR and record 1 stat for a group of creatures. Each group has 3 - 5 (or could be more) creatures in it. They act as a group and die as a group. So there is only one HP stat and one attack stat between all of them.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle92"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle92">When the minion attacks they get a +X to their attack and damage. X = number in the mob – 1. So a mob with 4 people gain a +3 to attack and damage. When the Mob is damaged the mob is reduced by members based on how many hit points they have. So 20 HP with a 4-person mob has 5 HP each. When the mob is reduced their attacks and damage are reduced. So taking a 4-person mob (+3 attack/damage) to 2-person mob gives them (+1 attack/damage).</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle27"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle92">This helps the GM not have to keep track of SOOOOO many NPCs AND this allows the players to have those badass movie moments. I will not be using Minions all the time but when/if I do I will be very specific on who is a minion. }</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">They came sliding down the mountain and running out of the woods. Everyone held their own and many of them had to save the slaves. Ty and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> caused a fire in the woods using their “Birthday Surprise” combo. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">At one point some Earth Mages caused a rock slide and this almost killed the party. This did kill many of the Earth Guards. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle92">{I made a mistake here and realized it when I saw people dropping. I tried correcting it at the game and it kind of looked sloppy. Sorry. My mistake was I rolled from the deadly table instead of the setback table. I just halved the roll to meet with the kind of damage I expected to see, but I should have rerolled from the setback table instead.}</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_43.xhtml">Otho</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was swept away by the slide. He got pulled under the rocks and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_44.xhtml">Ander</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> yelled out. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_36.xhtml">Joclyn</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> looked over that direction and ran over there pulling up rocks along with </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. She scooped up </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_43.xhtml">Otho</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and started running up rock by rock as they were still sliding down the hill. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">They finally got to the other side and continued fighting and running down the hill. After the mob was taken out, the heroes kept running for their wagon. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">//Cut Scene\\</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Four archer monks come running over the rock slide as the heroes already made it through. They get over there in enough time to watch the last of their monks get taken down. One of them starts to run forward when another grabs him. “Don’t worry Jock and her crew won’t let them get anywhere. She should be ambushing them any time now.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">5 rounds ago:</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Jock is leading her crew of earth monks out the back after the heroes. They have practiced this 100 times. They can bend the ground to start having trees fall on them. They will make it to the lower part of the path by running along the mountain top. The others will slow them down so they can get into position. It is rare anyone makes it all the way to Jocks crew. Along with Jocks crew is a hill giant. They start running through the garden when… SLIP! Their feet go sliding out from under them and they crash into a wall. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Jock looks back, &quot;Trip bearings. Who the hell…&quot; Jock looks up remembering something.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The hill giant comes barreling around the corner as Jock and her crew are yelling “NO! NO! STOP!”, but it was too late. The Hill giant loses footing and goes crashing right into Jock and her crew. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">From the outside of the monastery you can see dust shaking off one of the exterior walls right after a loud thud. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">//End Cut Scene\\</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Ridding away on the wagon the heroes discuss where to go. Someone says that the Dwarven Shrine is just to the north. The Heroes point out the Dwarves were not helpful to them, but they did at least make accommodations for a place to rest for the night. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> thought he may be able to put in a good word. </span>
      </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_40.xhtml">Game 31.1 (Armonds Story)</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_87.xhtml">Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_82.xhtml">Game 15</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>