<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 02</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_10">Game 02</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Game Day</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Game Date: </span>
        <span class="contents ">08/24/15</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Date in Play: </span>
        <span class="contents ">(4) Tarsakh 21, 1491, (4) Tarsakh 22, 1491</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">TLDR</h2>
      <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">After taking a break the heroes headed to the cave where there was supposed to be treasure. <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
            <li class="contents  rwStyle53">The only thing they found was Stirges</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">Going back to <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a> the heroes had lunch and then decided to go to <a href="Topic_21.xhtml">Lance Rock</a> in the morning.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">On their travels they ran into magical fog.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <a href="Topic_21.xhtml">Lance Rock</a> turned out to be a Zombie Cave. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The heroes got jumped and took a few good lumps. They decided to heal up back at the entrance and try again after a long rest. </li>
      </ul>
      <h2 class="section1">Detailed Entry</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The adventure begun sitting in a field staring at a skull. The heroes decided to take a short rest after the hallucination effect hit </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. After the all healed up they packed their things to go to the treasure cave. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">This was a couple hour walk, but they quickly found the right location. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> found all the right markings the lady from </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> told him. The cave was easy to see and the entrance was a bit thin. Most of the party had to turn sideways to get through. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Once inside they were attacked by Stirges. These things started jumping out of the rocks and walls to latch themselves onto the adventurers. Only a couple bits, but they there were able to fight off these blood sucking beast. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The heroes started looking around the cave, but they found no treasure. After a bit of thinking they concluded that the boot prints that were on the outside of this cave must have been others who found the treasure first.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">A little heartbroken and a bit jealous they set off back towards town. About an hour into their travels they felt the ground rumble and shake. Out of the ground jump an Ankhegs . The Ankheg is a huge insect looking monster with many slender limbs and large antenna. It burrows underground and hunts from bellow. The one that jumped out of the ground at the players was scary. They knew if they engaged it they would most certainly die. There were others, they knew this because they could feel the grounds still shaking. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Knowing they didn't have a chance they started to run. Acid was spraying around them and they were sliding, rolling, jumping, and praying. They ran and ran. Eventually the monster decided they were not worth it and the heroes learned that sometimes running is a better option than fighting. The North is a dangerous place, and today the heroes learned this first hand. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">After returning to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> the heroes treated themselves to a hearty meal and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> took a much needed bath. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_24.xhtml">Haeleeya</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was closing up shop, but said she would be able to take one more customer for the night. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> paid 2 silver to show his appreciation and she started preparing the bath right away. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> started friendly conversation with her that very quickly turned into flirting. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_24.xhtml">Haeleeya</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> told him about how her and her sister came to this town. Her parents died and her sister and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_24.xhtml">Haeleeya</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> ran off into the woods. After a while they got lost, but was found by a ranger from the emerald enclave. He found them, gave them food, and took them to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">red larch</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. Here they grew up and started a business. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> did discover that she is single and kept the conversation going throughout the bath. That night </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> returned to the room satisfied with the evening. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The next morning the heroes decided to go and adventure to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_21.xhtml">Lance Rock</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> to find out what evils live within. They have been told that it is full of Fell Magic and they have also been told there is a plague. Now it is time to find out what really ails this place. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Once they woke up, ate, and got prepared they started heading south. On the road they were greeted by a dense fog that would hinder their vision to only 10 feet. Calling out in the fog did not get them any replies. Eventually the fog just dispersed and was completely gone. Looking to the skies it was a bright sunny day so this fog seems to be as unnatural as the rest of these random storms. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Once they arrived at </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_21.xhtml">Lance Rock</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> they noticed the rock was not natural to this location. Looking at the ground and stones that surrounded this rock, it looks, almost, like it was placed here. They also saw a sign that read:</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;Come no closer</span>
        <br/>lest you catch<br/>the disfiguring plague<br/>that afflicts me!</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">Lord of Lance Rock</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">They saw this sign 2 more times before they arrived at the cave's entrance. As soon as they went inside they saw a body on the ground. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> ran up to the body and it stood up to attack him. It was a zombie. The heroes battled it and killed it. They now know this cave is plagued with monsters, and they must defeat the evil inside.  </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> took the lead since he can see without a light source. The first room he entered he was attacked from overhead by Zombies throwing rocks. The zombies jumped down to try and eat </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, but he was quick and his teammates were not far behind. The quickly dispatched the zombies. Looking around the room they saw a bloody rock where others have died. They took a left (heading south) and the path was tight enough that one person could fit through at a time. The wall had natural sharp ridges that point towards them as they walked through.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Peeking into the room there were 3 zombies dressed as a bear, a girl, and a jester. The Bear and the girl seemed to be acting like they are chasing one another while the jester mimed laughter. They were ordered to act unless they were approached by an intruder, then lead them into false safety and attack. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The heroes decided to take a look at the other room first. So they creeped back and found a room where all the zombies were chained to the wall by a hook. They were all dormant until an adventurer enters the room, then they started reaching out and snarling. The zombies were missing their hands and their hands were replaced with weapons. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The heroes started taking them out one by one till three of them pulled themselves off the walls and started attacking. Once the heroes eliminated the threat and finished the remainder of the zombies on the walls, they moved back to the room with the dressed up zombies. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The zombies did as they were told, pretended to ignore the heroes and the moment they were within range they took their readied attacks. After this room they heard a voice from the next room. &quot;What was that? Someone is here? Who would enter my cave? Ok everyone get ready, places, places! We will show these intruders not to mess with the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">Lord of Lance Rock</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The heroes felt pretty beat from this and decided to go back to the entrance so they could rest and get back their strength. They setup a light to make it through the next 8 hours and rest. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Will the Heroes plan work? Will they find the cause of this? Who is this </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_23.xhtml">Lord of Lance Rock</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">? </span>
      </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_9.xhtml">Game 01</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_87.xhtml">Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_11.xhtml">Game 03</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>