<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 08</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_16">Game 08</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Game Day</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Game Date: </span>
        <span class="contents ">04/04/16</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Date In Play:: </span>
        <span class="contents ">(5) Mirtul 04, 1491</span>
        <span class="contents ">; </span>
        <span class="contents ">(5) Mirtul 05, 1491</span>
        <span class="contents ">;</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">TLDR</h2>
      <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The heroes arrived at a town called Ospit</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">Ospit healers are out of work because of the Law of 5e. The only thing they have left is selling healing potions. They sell them for cheap.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The heroes continued the next day to <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_140.xhtml">Beliard</a>
          </span>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a>
          </span> went to the local church and met with <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_139.xhtml">Victoria</a>
          </span>, a lady of sune. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <span class="rwStyle49">
            <a href="Topic_139.xhtml">Victoria</a>
          </span> told Ty about the Delegation and how they were on their way to Summit Hall.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The others went to speak to the town. They were directed to a man named <a href="Topic_55.xhtml">Eann</a>. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <a href="Topic_55.xhtml">Eann</a> told the heroes about the Birds along the Dessarian Road. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">They went to investigate and found one still alive. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">They were attacked by soldiers on giant vultures. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">They captured an Air Genasi soldier and they brought back the only survivor.</li>
      </ul>
      <h2 class="section1">Detailed Entry</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">(Sorry, I am really off my game and have been super busy. These notes are probably going to be shorted versions as well)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The story started as the adventurers were coming into a town called Ospit. The town was a little dilapidated and didn’t seem to have many visitors for it being on such a main road. They approached a man wearing a coat. The coat could have once been a perfectly clean white coat, but it is showing it's years. He welcomes the heroes to the town &quot;Welcome travelers, how may our towns people assist you?&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The heroes pointed out that the town seems to have no visitors. The man replied, &quot;Ahhh yes. We were once a thriving town. This was more of a research and aid center, but our services are not needed anymore. For years scholars have traveled here to study medicine, surgery, and all sorts of mundane and magical healing. But ever sense the law of 5 came about, we are no longer needed in the world.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">When asked about the law of 5 he replied, &quot;The law of 5…&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Another interrupts from the distance, &quot;Don't forget about subsection e.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;Right,&quot; he continues &quot;The law of 5e undid all of our hard work and now adventurers can do in a nights rest what they use to adventure here because they were in need of services.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The heroes suggested that they adapt to the new law, &quot;Oh we have. Some of our people who have been working in the field for years are now mere potion brewers. We are having a sale on our potions, 20gp a bottle.&quot; </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">He heroes bought up some supplies and took rest in the town for the night. (Erin, your character may have made some potion purchases at this time. Just let me know at the start of next game.)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The next day the heroes arrived in </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_140.xhtml">Beliard</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. They started asking the local towns people about the delegation and they had some wild theories. Ty went to speak with the local church. It was a lady of sune by the name of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_139.xhtml">Victoria</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> she told him what she knew about the delegation, how they headed south to stop by Summit Hall because one their knights died and he was from that town. He had major burns from some kind of creature. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> went to the local tavern to speak with others. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> started asking questions to the bar maid and she told him what she had heard. They went toward Summit Hall but never made it there. She knows this because a traveler from Summit Hall said they never made it and he didn't pass them on the road either. The heros quickly noticed that the town has a twag dialect that can sometimes be hard to understand. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> had no problem falling right back into this accent. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Since Ty wasn't there </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> wanted to bring up how he has been feeling about Ty. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Another patron of the tavern told the heroes to speak with </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_55.xhtml">Eann</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> (Sorry if I gave another name, whatever I gave I can go with that, but this was the name I had written) about what he saw out on the Dessarin Road. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The heroes take his advice and head down to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_55.xhtml">Eann</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">'s Apple Grove, passing </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> on the way. When they arrived at </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_55.xhtml">Eann</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> farm he asks &quot;er ye flla lost?&quot; The heroes informed him that they are looking for </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_55.xhtml">Eann</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;Oy, dat be may. Wut can I dou fur ya?&quot; he asked</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> jumped in, &quot;we be needen sum help, ther be a delegation travlin down the Dessarin Road n dey seemed ta disappear. I hear ye be knowin sumt'in aboot dis.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_55.xhtml">Eann</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> replies &quot;ay, I has, it be nice to hear trav'las who talkin proper. Der ha been attalks on the Dessarin Road I sau wid me own eyes. A large bird swooped out of de sky n pulcked a travla off the rud.&quot; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_55.xhtml">Eann</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> buddy claimed he was a drunkin fool, but </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_55.xhtml">Eann</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> refuted this and said it was true. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">The heroes asked a few more clarifying questions about the bird and where it happened, and if they knew to whom. The farmer was able to answer where, but didn't know much about the bird and who it was. No one claimed the missing person.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">He heroes meet up, trade information, and head down the road. On the way they see vultures flying about a mile off the trail. They decided to go investigate. Once they get over there they find the wreckage of what could have been the delegation. Going through the dead bodies they saw soldiers with the black coats and red axes. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> knew it was the guards of mirabar. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">There was one still alive. He was badly injured. They pulled him from the wreckage and bandaged him up. This is when they heard the screech of a giant vulture. Three beast came flying out of the skys and down towards the heroes. A fight broke out. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> started his eldritch blast, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> pulled out his throwing axes, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_33.xhtml">Josephus</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> pulled out his bow, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> summoned her sorcery, and Ty pulled out his bow. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">There were many trades during the battle, but two of the highlights where when Ty ripped the cape off the soldier and threw it over the bird and prepared to give a lift to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> to land on it. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Also when </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> got swept up into a grapple from the air elemental and it turned out doing this was a big mistake. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">After the fight the heroes took the air elemental and the survivor back to town. </span>
      </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_15.xhtml">Game 07</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_87.xhtml">Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_17.xhtml">Game 09</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>