<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Believers</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_121">Believers</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Overview</h2>
      <p class="contents ">The Believers guard the moving stones, and make sure no one disturbs the Delvers, who are entombed down here. The Believers watch the moving stones carefully, because it’s a bad sign when they move, and they have to figure out what it means to advert danger.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">They were a secret group that was lead by <a href="Topic_48.xhtml">Larrakh</a>. Dornen and <a href="Topic_35.xhtml">Ilmeth</a> did kill the people found in the cave. <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a> was caught, but he was not actually the one who killed them. <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a> was manipulated by the Believers that he was helping by trying to hide the bodies. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <ul start="1" class="contents  rwStyle52">
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <a href="Topic_122.xhtml">Elak</a> Dornen: The de facto leader. He is stern and inflexible.Sent to Waterdeep to serve trial.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <a href="Topic_35.xhtml">Ilmeth</a> Waelvur: Hard-drinking and sullen. Sent to Waterdeep to serve trial.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <a href="Topic_47.xhtml">Ulhro</a> Luruth: Runs a Tannery in <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>. He was interrigated by the Heroes to give up the Believers.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <a href="Topic_124.xhtml">Grund</a>: This goofy half-orc is a sort of hired goon for The Believers.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <a href="Topic_52.xhtml">Baragustas</a>: He was one of the original Believers. He oversaw that the rituals the group performed. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <a href="Topic_53.xhtml">Rotharr</a>: He is known for the day of the collapse. His son, <a href="Topic_54.xhtml">Braelen</a>, was going through the rituals of becoming a Believer. <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a> caught him and his son sneaking out of the tunnels.   </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="contents ">Never found out:</p>
      <p class="contents ">Albaeri Mellikho (page 28): She is jovial and a &quot;whirlwind&quot;. </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_105.xhtml">Sword Coast</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Up</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_127.xhtml">Active Character List</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>