<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Leokas Backstory</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_111">Leokas Backstory</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Stories</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"/>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was born to Norven and Mara Greycastle in a rather quiet village on the western side of &quot;country/town&quot;. Norven made a decent living running their moderately sized farm, and was able to provide a pretty good life for his family. As </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> grew older he helped out on the family farm and held various part time jobs in town to earn play money; but as most young adults often do, he began to dream of more, of travel and exploring faraway lands. When he was 18 </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> joined the army and he got his wish; throughout his time in the military he traveled far and wide and met many different people of all cultures and backgrounds. After many years of service </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> had reached the rank of major and as an officer had many men under his command.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">One day during a particularly nasty battle </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> and a small group of his men were caught off guard and captured. They tortured and beat him for what felt like weeks, but with the physical exhaustion and lack of sleep who could tell how long it had really been. One day seemingly out of the blue they cleaned him up, dressed him back in his armor and dropped him off  somewhere close to his army. After waiting for them to leave, he removed his blindfold and gathered his bearings, starting off in the direction he felt his army would be in, he traveled for days before he was eventually found, dehydrated and malnourished. They took him back in and patched him up and even gave him a medal for being wounded in combat, and being the sole survivor.  </span>
        <span class="rwStyle89">(Spoiler)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Shortly after returning to the army </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> decided it was best for him to just leave the military. His superiors granted him an early retirement at rank, and after 10 years of service they sent him off with honors including his armor and uniform.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Months had passed since his capture and release and yet </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> could still never forgive himself for the loss of his fellow soldiers’ lives. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> wandered aimlessly for months trying to drink and whore away the torment and shame he felt inside, but nothing eased his suffering. His uniform tattered and wasted in countless drunken brawls and nights slept in the gutters of whatever random town he found himself in for the evening. He even fell as far as to pawn his armor to fund this downward spiraling behavior. With no money, no place to stay, and barely the clothes he had on his back, stumbling drunk he found himself at the steps to a temple of Pelor. Half crawling his way inside he made it to the alter and began cursing the gods for his current lot in life, when in the middle of his tears and anguish he felt as if a warm, powerful, yet comforting voice spoke to him. This voice, admonishing, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle89">&quot;Why are you making such a scene in my temple?  If you really want relief from your internal struggle, stand up and stop weeping like a woman. If you want your life to have meaning and purpose again, then serve me, become a guardian of the weak, standing for good and light. Become one of my clerics and do good in my name.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">At this revelation </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was stunned; why would someone as powerful as a god even care what happened to him, he was no worshipper, he had never considered himself a righteous man. Nevertheless </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> vowed at that moment to do as he was asked, he vowed to become a shield for those who had none and to do good and spread the influence of Pelor.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> spent the next few months praying, and studying the holy texts and working with others at that temple. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">
        <span class="rwStyle93">(Storyteller Edit)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">
        <span class="rwStyle93">One such man went by the name of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93">. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> was a skilled cleric of Pelor and he saw something in </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93">. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> offered to train </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93">. They trained with weapons and cleric spells, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> didn’t want </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> to go out there fighting in the name of Pelor unprepared. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">
        <span class="rwStyle93">(/Storyteller Edit)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Applying the determination he once showed in the military he quickly became a rather skilled cleric. He worked hard in the temple, and found all sorts of odd jobs around town; and he saved every last bit of it, as he had plans to track down his old armor, and attempt to restore it to its former glory and wear it as a proud soldier should.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">
        <span class="rwStyle93">(Storyteller Edit)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> was sparing. They got into an intense match when other clerics and workers stopped doing what they were doing to watch. The new recruits were awestruck by </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> combat skills. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> finally made an attack that made </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> lose his footing and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> was laying on the ground, with his hands up yielding the fight. </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">
        <span class="rwStyle93"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">
        <span class="rwStyle93">They were toweling off and </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> was talking to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> about his journey. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> was talking about the dangers that </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> will face out there. He also recited a few passages for </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> to remember. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_28.xhtml">Wyer</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> reached into his bag and pulled out something that was wrapped in paper. “Here. Take this with you. Don’t open it now. It isn’t a big deal. I wanted you to have something to remember your training. You will do great things. I know it.” </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">
        <span class="rwStyle93">(/Storyteller Edit)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">After saving what he estimated he would need for food, and travel, as well as what it might cost to buy this armor back from the hands of whomever currently held it; he sought out the shopkeeper where he pawned it. Arriving at the shop, he inquired about the armor, expecting to have to pay the man with coin for the name of the person it was sold to; when he was pleasantly surprised to find that the merchant still had the armor. Turns out that even though at the time it held no honor for </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> when he pawned it, most people in the area still respected the sight of a ranking officer, and found it in bad taste that such a merchant would be trying to sell a suit of armor such as this. What seemed like a pretty good deal to the merchant thinking he could make a quick and tidy profit on the armor, wound up draped on a mannequin with little more than disdain from the patrons of his shop. Lowering the price, to no avail, he finally tucked the armor away in the back to possibly sell for scrap one day, as it seemed keeping it in the storefront did more to harm his business than gain him profit. He sold it back to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> for the same amount originally given, happy to be rid of the thing.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> now with his armor returned, found himself with a good bit more coin than he had expected, and he decided to use some of it to polish up and repair the armor and shield, and even had the emblem on the shield changed to that of a blazing sun, the symbol of his new found patron. He gave half of what was left as an offering to the temple and set out once again, this time with renewed vigor and a new purpose in life. Deciding it had been a while since he had seen his folks, he set his path towards that of his home town, eager to share the news of his newfound purpose serving Pelor.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle91">Spoiler:</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle89"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle3">The enemy grew bored with beating him and his fellow soldiers, and had so far gained no actionable information from anyone. In an effort to get someone to talk, or just for sheer entertainment....who really knows; they began coming up with creative ways to execute the prisoners.....</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">One night after hearing the screams, and eventual silence of those captured with him, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> heard the fateful sounds of heavy feet approach his cell. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> heard the ominous sound of the lock being opened, and the faint chuckle that escaped the mouth of his captor. Blindfolded, starving, beaten and bruised, he knew this was the end; the internal panic set in, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle3">&quot;I can't die yet... I don't want to die ...I... I ...&quot;</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> sobbing, he found the words left his lips without thought, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle89">&quot;I'll talk, I'll talk.... what do you want to know, please just don't kill me.&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Hours later </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> had given the enemy battle plans, troop movements, and numbers; almost everything he knew.  As the next few days went by, something was different, he was being given water and stale bread, and the beatings had stopped. One day he heard what sounded like a celebration nearby, there were lots of loud voices, music, laughter and cheers. Again, the door to his cell was unlocked. With a different, rather jovial chuckle the guard escorted him to his feet and guided him out of his cell. They must have walked for some time and eventually they found their way outside, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> could feel the cool breeze, which at this point felt great on his bruised skin. He was led a bit further, and then stopped, he was forced to kneel, and then panic set back in; his blindfold was removed, and after his eyes focused he could see that he was outside under the moonlight and stars.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> found himself in front of a high ranking enemy officer, the celebration all around him quieted as the commander stood up from his seat. The commander walked over to him, looked him over, and then called to one of the guards; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle89">&quot;What is this? Why do you bring him to me like this? Clean him up, give him some proper clothes... he is our </span>
        <span class="rwStyle71">honored guest</span>
        <span class="rwStyle89"> after all&quot;</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> Those last words, dripping with sarcastic contempt found deep purchase within </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">. At that moment he realized, this was a victory celebration, the enemy must have won a great battle today. They cleaned him up, gave him fresh clothing, and then they gave him a fake crown; they paraded him all around the camp, mockingly praising him for his aid. They poured their drinks on his head, pretended to drunkenly trip him, and forcefully bump into him; all the while the guards behind him kept him at a steady pace. As the night came to a close, he was led off to a separate area, and led into a rather large and plush tent. Inside the tent the enemy commander approached him again with that horrible smile, and gave him a hug that made </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">' skin crawl. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle89">&quot;Have you had fun tonight, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle71">friend</span>
        <span class="rwStyle89">?&quot;</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> there was that word again. Still grinning the commander turned to someone behind him gesturing to his left; </span>
        <span class="rwStyle89">&quot;We have one more thing for you... a parting </span>
        <span class="rwStyle71">gift</span>
        <span class="rwStyle89">, as it were&quot;</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">A woman was there, that </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> hadn't noticed before, she wore strange robes and had odd tattoos on the parts of her arms that he could see; then his focus shifted, to the object she was carrying. A short rod, with the symbol of the enemy tribe at the end of it. As she approached she started muttering words </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> didn't understand; and he could see that the tip of this rod, where the symbol was began glowing with an unnatural light. As she got close he felt the tight grip of the guards as they stepped up behind him and grabbed his arms holding him firmly in place; the commander moved forward and tore open the shirt he was wearing. The woman then pressed the symbol into his chest, just left of center, right where his heart would be.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> hadn't felt pain like this before, not even during the torture; his vision closed in and his body clenched so tight he couldn't breathe, and then it was done; the woman removed the rod, the guards relaxed their grip, and the commander stood over him, with this smug, pleased look on his face.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> wasn't sure if the pain had stopped or his body was just numb, but the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">branding</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> process was complete. The commander spoke once more, though this time his head was so fuzzy from the ordeal </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> had to strain to hear him, as the commander sounded like he was far off. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle89">&quot;We give you this </span>
        <span class="rwStyle71">gift</span>
        <span class="rwStyle89"> as a reminder, heh... even amongst our people cowardice is despised.&quot;</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> He then spit on </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">, calling him a traitor to his own people. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle89">&quot;We will let him return to his own, let him live out his pathetic life... if he can&quot;</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> At that point a spike of sharp pain washed over the back of </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">' head, and everything faded to black.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> woke up to a bouncing sensation, and a splitting headache, he tried to reach for his head, but found his hands were once again bound, and he was again blindfolded. A short bit of travel from that point they stopped, he was unceremoniously tossed onto the ground, rolled over onto his stomach and his bounds were cut with a knife. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle89">&quot;Stay there until we're gone, or you won't ever make it back home..&quot;</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> He heard the men saddle their horses and leave; he waited another hour, after the sound of their hooves could no longer be heard, and then he crawled to his feet, stood, and removed the blindfold. No enemy was to be found, he was dressed in the armor he was captured in, and he could tell that the wound on his chest was dressed and bandaged. The enemy even left him his shield, but were smart enough to not arm him; not that he could do much fighting in the state he was in.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Beaten and broken, he aimlessly wandered in one direction without food or water for days until he finally collapsed, just as he was spotted by another human. They immediately rushed to him to offer aid, and as they lifted </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> up to his feet, supporting him under his shoulder, he barely heard </span>
        <span class="rwStyle89">&quot;Sir, are you ok...&quot;</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> before passing out yet again.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> awoke, on a bed... a warm, comfy bed, even a cool breeze was in the air which carried the faint, pleasant smell of food cooking on a fire nearby.  A tray of food and water sat on a small bedside table next to him, and he could even tell that he had been washed and clothed in a clean robe. He quickly devoured the food and water and then slowly slid himself out of bed. Walking towards the door of the tent he pulled the flap to the side and was immediately greeted by a guard standing watch. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle89">&quot;Sir!&quot;</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> as the man snapped to attention, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle89">&quot;I've been instructed to tell you to wait here; if you need anything you can ask Reginald and he will get it for you.&quot;</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"/>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> glanced to his left and saw another guard, also standing at attention looking his way; while the first guard took off at a determined pace. It was at this point that </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> recognized the uniform, it was the uniform of his army, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle3">&quot;..I’m back!&quot;</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">  and then remorse and survivors guilt washed over him, and he felt a ball of self-loathing in the pit of his stomach. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> gave a halfhearted solute to the soldier on watch outside the tent, and turned around and went back inside.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">In the following days, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was debriefed, given some more time to recover, and then an award ceremony was held in his honor where he was given an award for bravery, and being wounded in battle. He put on a face, and acted the humble soldier, all the while that pit in his stomach grew. Weeks later, as they were preparing him to step back in to his role as an officer, they were reviewing all of the intelligence and details of recent battles, and plans for upcoming ones, when </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> was told of a horrible loss, a massive, surprise defeat with the loss of thousands of soldiers that set their campaign back months. He realized, this was right around when he was captured, this was even a troop movement he knew of; although he wasn't really supposed to know, as it wasn't his battalion, but that of a fellow officer and close friend, that let slip one night after one too many drinks, that he had been given a secret mission to ambush the enemy. As the details of this defeat were described, the blood drained from his body, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle89">&quot;....we are still investigating how they knew.... it was a complete loss, none survived...... current theory holds that somehow they got divine insight from that unholy witch companion he has....&quot;</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"/>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> subconsciously scratched at the branded mark on his chest; catching himself, he excused himself from the war room and retired to his chambers.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">He found no sleep that night with the thought of his friend losing his life playing in his head; and it was all his fault. </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> sat up and went over to the wash basin, grabbed a knife and tore at the brand, trying to cut it off or disfigure it, both to bury the shame and to keep more knowledgeable eyes from seeing it and asking deeper questions, the kind that </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> would rather not answer. Bloodied he looked in the mirror, it was done, the scar was mangled and half cut off, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle3">&quot;now I just need to clean it up and bandage it and I won't ever have to tell anyone what...&quot;</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">  at that moment he watched in the mirror, as the scarred, mangled, patch of flesh on his chest, grew itself back together. He stared in disbelief, as the brand was once more, there before him, made whole; and he could hear again that smug laughter of the enemy commander </span>
        <span class="rwStyle89">&quot;... </span>
        <span class="rwStyle71">a gift</span>
        <span class="rwStyle89">...&quot;</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">    </span>
        <span class="rwStyle3">&quot;Fuck!&quot;</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">    </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle93">(Storyteller Edit)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93"> looked at the </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <span class="rwStyle55">branding</span>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle93">. The center was a long stretched oval, like a tall egg. The edges were like an upside down tringle made of a stack of bricks. The oval and the edges were the same shade, almost purple, but the rest of the middle was black as the night sky.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle93">(/Storyteller Edit)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents  rwStyle24">
        <span class="rwStyle55">He quickly cleaned up the knife and area around the basin, and then poured himself a strong drink. Two bottles later he lay passed out across the bed.</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle55">Within the next few weeks, </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">
          <a href="Topic_110.xhtml">Leokas</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle55"> petitioned the high command for early retirement, stating his self-confidence was shaken while captured, and he didn't feel as though he could be a fit commander if hesitation entered into his judgement. He could tell high command was unhappy with the request, but they must have taken pity on him, as his request was granted and he was allowed to retire, at rank, and &quot;</span>
        <span class="rwStyle3">honorably</span>
        <span class="rwStyle55">&quot;.</span>
      </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">Prev</td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_143.xhtml">Character Backstories</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_145.xhtml">Armond Backstory</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>