<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <script src="scripts.js"> </script>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="RWoutput 2.1.0.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="theme.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="localStyles.css"/>
    <title>Game 16</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header class="topicHeader" id="Topic_221">Game 16</header>
    <section class="topicBody">
      <h2 class="section1">Game Day</h2>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Game Date: </span>
        <span class="contents ">05/14/2017</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="snippet_label">Date in Play: </span>
        <span class="contents ">(10) Marpenoth 27, 1491;</span>
      </p>
      <h2 class="section1">TLDR</h2>
      <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">Heroes of Red Larch</a> decided to go investigate getting <a href="Topic_212.xhtml">Teria</a> and <a href="Topic_218.xhtml">Sesa</a>’s boat back from the Cult of the Crashing Wave. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> still dealing with his losing control and channeling his focus almost gets in a fight with <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a>, but goes on a walk before he does. (Sticking with the “<a href="Topic_86.xhtml">Finding Ourselves</a>” Theme)</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a> found out that <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> invited a necromancer to join them when they go back to the Earth Cults hideout. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> found a letter from <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> that she packed up and left. She will return.</li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">The heroes were jumped by <a href="Topic_69.xhtml">the Water Cult</a> the first night in their travels.</li>
      </ul>
      <ul class="contents  rwStyle52">
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> was taken by the Cult of the Crashing Wave. </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">She learned a few things about the Cult like the names <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Grimjaw</a>, <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Reash</a>, and <a href="Topic_220.xhtml">Drosnin</a>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <span class="rwStyle49">She also learned the name of their god Olhydra.</span>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">She also learned that they Cult was taking her for insurance from the <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">Heroes of Red Larch</a>
        </li>
        <li class="contents  rwStyle5">
          <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> freed herself, and ran back to the party. </li>
      </ul>
      <h2 class="section1">Detailed Entry</h2>
      <p class="contents ">Due to feedback I received I am braking the story up into two stories. One story will have &quot;For <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>&quot; the other story will have &quot;For Everyone Else&quot;. You may choose to read both stories and I am ok with that. I have faith that you can separate story from character knowledge.</p>
      <p class="contents ">For Everyone Else</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The adventure started with <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a> returning to <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a> meeting up with the others over breakfast. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">A lot needed to be talked about. </p>
      <p class="contents ">1) The heroes taking this side adventure to retrieve back the boats for <a href="Topic_212.xhtml">Teria</a> and <a href="Topic_218.xhtml">Sesa</a>.</p>
      <p class="contents ">2) <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> agreeing to work with a necromancer to clear out <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">the Earth Cult</a> temple. </p>
      <p class="contents ">3) Why they are going to go after the boat instead of trying to take down <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">the earth cult</a>?</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_212.xhtml">Teria</a> and <a href="Topic_218.xhtml">Sesa</a> joined in on this conversation. At some point <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> told them, you should continue to Waterdeep to find people to handle this task for you.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_212.xhtml">Teria</a> replied &quot;That is your answer? Why did we waste time with you all last night then? It would have been much better if you told us this answer before the caravan left!&quot; She stood up kicking the chair over and started to storm out of the <a href="Topic_30.xhtml">Helm at Highsun</a>. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> jumped up to pause her, &quot;Hold on. Let us work this out. We will help you get back your boat.&quot; </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> and Tyelknole do not agree with working with a Necromancer. Even to the point of using him. Necromancy is evil as far as society is concerned. Most towns wouldn't need any justification to kill a necromancer. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The argument is that the necromancer could help get what they need from <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">the earth cult</a>, and he is only asking for his knife as payment. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> believes they should be going after the <a href="Topic_152.xhtml">Cult of the Black Earth</a> instead of moving on to the <a href="Topic_197.xhtml">Cult of the Crushing Wave</a>. <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a> seems to agree on this. <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> and <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> said they are not ready to return to the <a href="Topic_45.xhtml">Sacred Stone Monastery</a>. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> made some kind of remark that <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> screwed up the attack on <a href="Topic_66.xhtml">the Earth Cult</a> last time and <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> just about lost it. At last moment <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> was able to keep his composure and walked out of the <a href="Topic_30.xhtml">Helm at Highsun</a>. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> was walking around not really paying attention when he found himself in their room. He saw that all of <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>'s stuff was gone and a note left on the bed. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle33">Friends, I am sorry. I know you needed me for tomorrow, but something is wrong with me and I need answers before it gets worse. I know you will be heading to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle33">
          <a href="Topic_69.xhtml">the water cult</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle33"> location. I will look for you there, but if you go elsewhere send word to </span>
        <span class="rwStyle33">
          <a href="Topic_106.xhtml">Red Larch</a>
        </span>
        <span class="rwStyle33"> and I will find you. I am so sorry, I love you guys but I am a liability right now. See you soon, I hope.​</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle33"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">This made <a href="Topic_95.xhtml">Barikhol</a> even angrier. He went back into the tavern and slammed the note back on the table. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The discussion end and they heroes made way towards <a href="Topic_69.xhtml">the Water Cult</a>. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle61">(Storyteller Note here: in all the confusion I forgot that the two sisters were traveling along with you. They would have totally joined into this scene. Pretend they did.)</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">That night during <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a>'s watch, he took a few steps away because he thought he heard something. He noticed on the ground was running water and it was moving unlike water would.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;Everyone wake up!&quot; <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> screamed. They did and they drew their weapons. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">There was a Priest, a Water Genasi, and a handfull of fighters who were there to attack the group. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The Priest went down quickly and the Water Genasi took a couple hard hits and went invisible. After seeing the other drop so quickly the fighters ran. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> threw an improbable eldritch blast to hit one before he escaped. They were able to capture and keep one alive. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_99.xhtml">Tyelknowle</a> and <a href="Topic_32.xhtml">Grimble</a> asked &quot;Everyone ok?&quot; they started healing the group. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_180.xhtml">Armond</a> asks &quot;How did <a href="Topic_69.xhtml">the water cult</a> know we were out here?&quot;</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Everyone looked around and eventually their eyes landed on the sisters.</p>
      <p class="contents ">For <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> steps into her room. Something felt off. Everything in her body told her to run, but she couldn't. <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> looks down as she feels something cold and wet on her. Its water, but she can't push through it like water. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> trying to figure out what is going on looks around the room. All her stuff is packed up. On the bed is a note. she follows the water. It goes behind her to the corner. It is a large snake like body made purely of water. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> struggles to break free, but she is restrained. She starts to scream, but the water quickly moves over her face and <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> can't breathe. She realizes she is drowning. It is quiet. Everything is quiet. Her vision starts to blur, and then the room goes dark. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;Why can't we kill her?&quot; one man says</p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;Brother, I told you. <a href="Topic_93.xhtml">Grimjaw</a> wants her as insurance. These <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">heroes of Red Larch</a> are starting to make a name for themselves.&quot; another man that sounds a lot like the first man replied. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> is tied up. She can feel her arms bound in front of her and the rope goes around her neck. <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> tries a little trick using her prestidigitation to untie the rope but the moment she went to whisper the words and flick the fingers, the magic felt suffocated. Using her Arcana knowledge, she can tell this is some kind of magical rope that mutes casters. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> could tell she could talk just fine, but the moment she would try magic, it stopped. You would think <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> would be a little frustrated by her situation, but this rope is actually kind of cool. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Her face had a bag over it. She couldn't really see. She could hear voices and movement, but she couldn't make out anything. She knew she was outside. She could feel her Fox nudge her. It was a strange feeling. It was like real, but not at the same time. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;It's ok. We will figure something out.&quot; she whispered to the fox. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;Will you now?&quot; a voice replies. &quot;Your frie...&quot; his sentence was cut short by the sound of a man ridding up quickly on horseback. At least <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> assumed it was a horse. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;The <a href="Topic_217.xhtml">heroes of Red Larch</a> have left.&quot; a new voice says. &quot;They are on their way up the Larch Path.&quot;</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;Let’s go get them.&quot; a man says. The group gives words of agreement. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;If we do this, we shall go with our god Olhydra&quot; an older man says, the group says a chant. “To the depths and back.” </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">It sounded like everyone left. So <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> maneuvered herself to remove her mask and shake her hair from her face. As soon as her eyes focused she was staring at a rather thick dark blue man. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;Brave.&quot; He said, &quot;You see the mask was for your protection. We would have rather you not seen our faces.&quot; He pulls out a knife, sharpens it, and then pulls out an apple and starts cutting it. &quot;What is in this for you?&quot;...</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle61">((I actually would like to play this out. We can do it between games. But there is some conversation here I am curious where it would go.))</span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">After the talk finishes he tells <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a>, &quot;I won't be too far. I would say don't try anything, but I think you can figure out moving from that spot would not go well.&quot; </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> actually didn't figure that out. She just now noticed that she wasn't sitting on the ground. She was on some kind of plate. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">Once he leaves <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> felt a familiar feeling bubbling up in her. Her instincts told her to suppress it, but then she saw her fox. Staring straight at her with one of those k9 grins. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The Water Genasi comes running back and so does the others.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;Not now... Must wait for the right moment.&quot; <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> told herself. Suppressing has been difficult and this took some coaxing, but <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> finally held it down. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;Brother what happen.&quot; the Genasi with the apple said. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;<a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Reash</a>. They... They killed <a href="Topic_220.xhtml">Drosnin</a>.&quot; he replied. &quot;Take these men and head to the rondeaux. I will bring the girl.&quot; </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;But you're hurt.&quot; <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Reash</a> said.</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;It is a girl. She is suppressed. What she going to do?&quot; he replied. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_91.xhtml">Reash</a> didn't like it but he followed his brother’s orders. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">The brother started doing things to the camp. <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> watched and realized that he was covering up their trail. The camp was starting to look old, maybe a few weeks. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;It's time to go my half human.&quot; the Genasi started to reach down for her and <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> could hear the yip of a fox. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">She let go. She let go of everything that she has been suppressing. She let it out. Wild magic is strongly connected to a mages emotions. <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> realized that she hadn't been just suppressing her magic, but her emotions as well. She had been trying to stay strong for her spirit, for her friends, for <a href="Topic_136.xhtml">Odert</a>, and she was realizing just now, for herself. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> let it all out yelling, screaming, crying, laughing... with these emotions came the wild magic. The world slowed down. <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> could see she was moving twice as fast as before. She could feel her skin soften like it was as weak as paper. </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle41"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">The Water Genasi felt the same. &quot;What is this? How is this happening?&quot; He started looking around because he could also hear music playing nearby. The Genasi looks over at <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> and down at her bonds. &quot;You can't be doing this.&quot;</p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <span class="rwStyle41"> </span>
      </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;But I think I am.&quot; she replied. A long beard of feathers grew on her face. &quot;Just once I would like to say a line and my magic make me look bad ass. Is that really too much to ask?&quot; She looks over at her fox and watches his head tilt. Then <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> braced for being hit with iron skillet. When she opened her eyes <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> wasn't tied up anymore. She was standing 60 feet away looking back watching the plate trap go off in the genasi's face. Electric eels came flying out biting and shocking the genasi. He didn't stand a chance. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> went running back in the direction from where the others came. She knew the hills, she would just need to get her bearings. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">&quot;mi lass, look up.&quot; <a href="Topic_136.xhtml">Odert</a> said &quot;I can help wid dis one.&quot; </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> did as he said and she felt her arm raise up and point. &quot;Dis way.&quot;</p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">She started running again. </p>
      <p class="contents "> </p>
      <p class="contents ">
        <a href="Topic_104.xhtml">Rowena</a> heard the voices she wasn't sure what they were talking about, but she knew who they were.</p>
    </section>
    <footer class="topicFooter">
      <h2 class="childTopicsHeader">Child Topics</h2>
      <ul class="childTopicsList">
        <li class="childTopicsEntry">
          <a href="Topic_90.xhtml">(G16) Riverguard Keep</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </footer>
    <footer>
      <table class="navTable">
        <tr>
          <td class="navPrev">
            <a href="Topic_194.xhtml">Game 18</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navHome">
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navUp">
            <a href="Topic_87.xhtml">Game Notes</a>
          </td>
          <td class="navNext">
            <a href="Topic_223.xhtml">Game 22</a>
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>